What is the difference between a city and a town?\n\nIn the United States, an incorporated city is a legally defined government entity, with powers delegated by the state and county and created and approved by the voters of the city. It can provide local government services to its citizens.\n\nIn most places in the U.S. a town, village, community, or neighborhood is simply an unincorporated community with no governmental powers. Usually, county governments provide services to these unincorporated communities. Some states do have official designations of "towns" that include limited powers.\n\nGenerally in the urban heirarchy, villages are smaller than towns and towns are smaller than cities but each country has its own definition of a city and an urban area.
Your name
i have no idea!
Neither one.  They are both high in carbs and FAT.  If you want to eat healthy, try fruits and vegetables, lean meats and low fat dairy foods. Also make sure you drink atleast 8 glasses of clean water everyday.
Hello..\n\nThe meaning of my life, is to help those who are in need..feeding and visiting the elderly, ministering to those in prison, it gives me great joy, to see a smile on someone's face, when you give your love and your time without asking anything in return, but a hug.. :)\n\nI also Love, to share the Love of Jesus, with all I meet.. :)
get him something personal like a picture of his child playing with him or something like that
It's spelled poultice, so that's probably why you can't find any info on the web.\n\nhttp://www.health4youonline.com/nutrition_facts_boils.htm\n\nhttp://waltonfeed.com/old/mama/poltice.html
Anyone (cough , cough)who wants to ignore decent health and pick them up(cough)...
I found his postal address if you'd like to send him fan mail:\nSkandar Keynes\nc/o Hamilton Hodell\n5th Floor\n66-68 Margaret Street\nLondon, W1W 8SR\nUK
Lets resolve this overdue question by bringing it to a vote.
Torpor is a state of physical inactivity or insensibility. It is akin to a feeling of lethargy or apathy.
Try ASKING...
Try your local bank first and ask around in some of the money changers there. They usually change different currency from different countries :-)
Of course not, this is a free country. You should have a choice to decide if that is for you, not get punished if you don't. True, it is a good cause, but that is each individual's choice.
lady.. if u do the same then u r not any better than her\nthe way i see things: if she doesnt talking to u.. its her loss not yours.. u r better off without this kind of "friends"\nbefreinds with good nice people like u r..\ngood luck
Proof by contradiction\nSuppose sqrt(7) is rational. Then it can be expressed and a fraction in reduced form, that is the numerator and denominator have no common factors.\n\nsqrt(7) = m/n.\n\nThus  7 = (m/n)^2 = m^2/n^2\n\n7n^2 = m^2\n\nSince 7 divides both sides, 7 has to divide m^2, so 7 must be of the form m = 7k for some integer k.\n\n7n^2 = (7k)^2 so we can factor a 7 out of both sides\n\nn^2 = 7 k^2. We repeat the arguement, now n has to be divisible by 7 so n = 7q for some integer q.\n\nso n = 7q, m = 7k, that says m and k both have 7 as a common factor a contradiction since m/n was a reduced fraction.\n\nThere for the assumptin that sqrt(7) is rational must be false.
Our everyday experience teaches us that an object must be "pushed" by a force in order to keep it moving. Otherwise, it will slow down and eventually stop. But this intuition is absolutely wrong. If an object is moving, then a force is required *to slow it down or stop it*, not to keep it moving. (Hence, "Objects in motion tend to stay in motion. Objects at rest tend to stay at rest.") In our everyday experience, it's the force of friction that tends to stop Earth-bound objects from moving forever. But for the Earth rotating on its axis, there is no force working to counteract the rotation (except the tidal effect of the Moon, but that's working very slowly), so you don't need to have any input energy to keep it spinning.
Can't disagree with the above answer, but here's a little more info:
Honestly i blame the female population. Yes males are genetically inferior to female, we die easier when in an embryo and yes we are emotionally retarded in some aspects of life, such as color perception and taste, but at the end of the day i believe it comes down to sex. Not sexual intercouse, but the influence females have on males. The infamous aphorism "behind every great man, thier's a female" is given an entirely new meaning when, applied to society nowadays. As you stated early females suppress males in a lot of aspect. Studys have shown that females are mainly attracted to males of a more rough exterior, because during the "primitive era" those were the type of men that could hunt and provide, so forth and so on. Its because of this that females seek this in men, and a man seeking a female will alter his mannerism in ways to attract her. So yea, i feel what can lead to aggression is the suppression of our emotion, even though males have testosterone, so do females. Not as much, but testosterone none the less. And i'll tell you this, i've seen some pretty aggressive females to the point of it being scary, so genes can't take all the blame. At the end of the day, woman are the real creators of society, as a male im willing to say, that a lot of the things males strive for are in the pursuit for females.
My mom does that to me all the time.  If i say no, she'll lay a guilt trip on me so ill do it.  i hate it when she does that. she just did it today, when i barely get in the door, shes barking orders at me. theyre so good at guilt tripping!
he's getting there. I dated one that was only close to thirty and it was going downhill. If you really notice a decrease, and he would like to do something about it, have his doctor hook him up with a testosterone patch/pill/gel and he'll feel like superman again. And the first part of the question? Possibly, but as long as that double standard exists, nobody is talking about it...
From what I've read, men have a higher rate of transmitting it than women do.
Why did they take it out?  Were you overpaid?  If not, the best thing you can do is talk to a lawyer, but his fee might be more than what your check was worth.  You could try contacting the labor board also, and see what they say about it.\n\nGood luck.
Totipotency is the theory that all plants should be able to reproduce a plant from a single cell.  This isn't true.  It really depends on what species of plant you take the tissue from , and where on the plant you got that tissue.  For instance, chances are that if you took xylem from a plant and retied to get a tissue culture to form, you would be out of luck, whereas leaves are probably a little more likely to respond favorably.  Ultimately though it depends on the horomones that are present in your culture medium- usually a mixture of auxins and cytokinins at a certain ratio.
could be thrush - a bacterial infection\n\nbut yes - you need to SEE A DOCTOR to get a real diagnosis
that question makes no sense.
Robert Castellini.  Here's an article about his plans:\n\nhttp://sports.espn.go.com/mlb/news/story?id=2299959
I dislike L.O.V.E. it is very annoying it just says L.O. L.O. L.O.V.E no musical abilities there. But if you ask me her first c.d. is a lot better.
what are cheapest chinese of products promoted in a single website?
If you're talking about seperation with a deployment, then yes. We're dealing with it right now.  I still have everything.  He's been gone about a year now.  My children are still covered as well.
Because your question makes no sense. The moon and stored electrical energy don't really depend upon each other.
try this.\n\nits expensive, but your problem is also a difficult one\n\nhttp://www.sonicspot.com/restorationnr/restorationnr.html
The only places that would pay you on a daily basis would probably be paying you as a day-laborer in undeclared cash.\n\nI have a payroll business on Long Island and have no clients that pay more frequently than once a week.
oh my *** i thought i was the only person that thought that..cool
Smoking is a total turn-off. When I see I girl smoking, I no longer find her attractive, even if she was really hot, and when I see anybody smoking, I lose a large amount of respect for them.
Since you know what CDCR facility they're at, you can skip the inmate locater service, it would only tell you what prison they are housed in. Instead go to http://www.cya.ca.gov/Visitors/fac_prison_CENTINELA.html\nThat's the facility home page...if you know the full name and birthdate of the inmate, call the prison and ask for "records", they will be able to tell you what you need to know, so long as your questions are not about things considered confidential.\nGood luck!
Go to a different bookstore and ask the same question or make the same remark or eat the same ice cream cone. If the clerk there is "nasty" as well, the problem is with you. If the clerk at store #2  isn't nasty, the problem is with clerk #1.\n\nRetail shops with unpleasant sales people rarely last long.
If it were my mom or my husband, I would choose my husband. My mom has lived her life and she would want me to choose him anyway, I think any parent would want that, How could you as a parent know that you made your child choose you over their spouse, who may also be the father of your grandchildren and so forth.I know if it were me, my child better choose their spouse, as long as they are not abusive.
you are talking about Newton's law of motion #3. It says for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction.\nIf you shoot a rifle you feel the kick, right? The rifle pushes the bullet and the bullet pushes the rifle(back into your arm).\nWith a rocket: the rocket pushes the gas exhaust out the rear and the gas exhaust pushes the rocket forward. Because the gas is lighter is goes faster but the net result is the rocket goes forward.
Your question is comparing apples to oranges.\nThe draft is an emergency-only, time-of-desperate-need usage only option.  That we ONLY have the 'selective service' requirement, and that is only until you are 25 years old, is a great thing compared to other countries.  In many, you are REQUIRED (they don't care what you believe) to serve 2 years in the armed forces, no matter what.\n\nCount your blessings that you are American.
It's a mystery to us too.
The psychology of the matter is this. Because when people are on the internet, there is no face to face communication. They can remain as anonymous as they desire. Hence such persons feel none of the inhibitions that are normally imposed by society on what is considered proper etiquette in conversation. Besides receiving rude words in return, there is no fear of severe consequences such as getting their face busted, nor do they have to see the facial expressions of the hurt they cause. Most people like this have poorly developed social skills to begin with. Either they are boorish cads, and their behavior is amplified by the nature of the internet, or they have pent-up anger that they are afraid to display in public, and lash out on the internet. People like this need to be dealt with firmly, but as the Scriptures say, "answer a fool according to his folly, answer not a fool according to his folly." In other words, expose such people as they fools they are, without resorting to their their tactics.
3-5 days depending on how much you do
Yes.Down with Islam.
just straight out tell her!! i know your thinking what do you know? but i do know from expierience. tell her your feelings before some one else does. if you really like her you will tell her without worrying, if you don't how will you know otherwise?
Not in the least.  Evolution is a scientific theory.  There are certainly atheist materialists that have tried to say that the only logical conclusion of evolution is atheism, but they are fools and liars, one and all.  The fact is that the tehory of evolution by natural selection is a) scientifically founded and b) not at odds with a belief in God.\n\nIf you don't agree with eveolution being taught, then quite frankly, you don't agree with the idea of teaching science at all.  It is all consostent with scientific methodology.  If that's the case, then oppose all science, and don't just pick-and-choose which findings you're going to take issue with.\n\n*********edit*********\nWHAT'S WITH THIS "EQUAL TIME" CRAP?!?!?  Would you guys suggest equal time for alchemy and chemistry?  For astrology and astronomy?  For Newtonian physics and psychokinetics?\n\nWhat you all are missing is that even if ID/Creationism is correct, it has NO USE TO HUMANS.  Period.  I cannot manipulate the theory of creationism to create a vaccine, the way I can manipulate evolution.  School is not about some sort of all-out investigation into Divine Truth; it is meant to be practical.  And like it or not
Effectiveness is how much something will affect sometihng\nWhile efficiency is how WELL it affected
Have a petition signed by all of your neigbors.  Make sure to have a good argument to why you think they are needed.  Then present the petition to your local councilman/councilwoman (politically correct).\n\nThat is what I would do.\n\nA lot of people do this for long roads (typically 25mph roads) where people speed a lot to get speed bumbs installed.\n\nGood luck!
From Wikipedia:\n\nA "straw-man proposal" is a simple draft proposal intended to generate discussion of its disadvantages and to provoke the generation of new and better proposals. As the document is revised, it may be given other edition names such as "stone-man", "iron-man", and so on, etc.
There isn't one.  That's why they made it.
He was elected to four terms, however, he died a few months into his forth term. Therefore he was president for a little over 12 years. He was a democrat.
i am :)
Dehydration of braincells.  Drink plenty of water before you fall asleep, after a night of drinking. That should help out a great deal.
The American one is more of a sitcom in feel, it's less bleak and there's no real times when you wince.\n\nThey don't follow the same plots - other than the first one you can't say that this part of the NBC one is based on this part of the BBC one, and knowing what happens in the BBC won't tell you what's going ot happen in the NBC.
See the below page for more info.  The question you asked is answered about 3/4 of the way down.  At sea level, the column of water would have to be 10.3 meters (33.9 feet), which is rather unwieldy for daily use, to say nothing of the fact that the barometer won't work in freezing temperatures.
We dont not need this. We already clearly know who the enemy is.
Only if you are re-selling the original copy produced by the publisher.\n\nIn other words, you cannot reproduce the text book and sell it - WHETHER OR NOT you give credit to the author/publisher.
iPod is a brand of portable digital media player designed and marketed by Apple Computer. Devices in the iPod family provide a simple user interface designed around a central scroll wheel (with the exception of the iPod shuffle). Most iPod models store media on a built-in hard drive, while the smaller iPod shuffle and iPod nano use flash memory. Like most digital audio players, an iPod can serve as an external data storage device when connected to a computer. Discontinued versions of the iPod include two generations of the popular iPod mini and four generations of the full-sized iPod, all of which had monochrome screens except for the fourth-generation iPod with color screen (previously sold as iPod photo before it replaced the monochrome iPod in the top line). As of January 2006, the lineup consists of the fifth-generation iPod which can play videos, the iPod nano which has a color screen, and the iPod shuffle;" all three iterations were released in 2005. The iPod is currently the world's best-selling digital audio player.\n\nThe bundled software used for uploading music
ln[1 + tanh(x/2)^2 + tanh(x/2)] - ln[1 + tanh(x/2)^2]
I think you can't. There are two reasons for that.\n1.) Yahoo does not necessarily show the yahoo id of the person asking or answering question. You can create an alias or a nick name.\n2.) You can not search on the basis of person's name. There is no options in the advanced search also.\n\nI personally feel that this setting is right. If I am asking questions, why should I be known to people.\n\nHope it helps.
It is in present day Germany, 100 miles NE of Berlin...
if you mean 'kinds of fish' as 'species of fish', there are 15482 plus about two every year
Connect the data cable (IDE) exactly how the hard drive has been connected.  Usually, if you connect it the wrong way, it won't go into the drive at all.  If you are in doubt, refer to the manual that came with the drive or on the box.\n\nUsually, the jumpre has to be set to slave since the hard drive is the master.  If you have two IDE cables there are 4 options: Primary master and primary slave and Secondary master and secondary slave.  Your hard drive usually will be connected to  primary master.  So, depending upon your choice and any other connected drives set the appropriate option and jumper settings.  These settings are mentioned on the drive itself.  First verify the jumper settings of your hard drive.
I highly doubt it. People in the USA are way to stubborn to switch currencies. Think about it, we havn't even changed to the metric system yet.
The best THING to do is to buy some software to help you along.\n\nH&R Block's TaxCut is cheap and very good.\n\nhttp://www.hrblock.com\n\nYou can also find some very good help on the web site as well. If you are just filing a W-2 you most definately do NOT want to go to the IRS's web site\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov \n\nas you will be completely overwhelmed with information that makes any sense to you (or the other 99% of us who are not lawyers or accountants)
While Dr. Rice is very articulate and seems well-versed on many important issues, the fact that she has never held an elected office will be held against her. President of the United States should not be the first office that someone seeks.
japan
Goodyear blimp...\nhttp://www.goodyearblimp.com/\n360° view from cockpit...\nhttp://www.airandspacemagazine.com/ASM/Web/Site/QTVR/Blimp.html\nThe "airship" site at Colorado.edu\nhttp://spot.colorado.edu/~dziadeck/airship.html\nThe official website of The Lighter-Than-Air Society... \nhttp://www.blimpinfo.com/\nGlobalTel high tech blimp...\nhttp://www.globetel.net/
Some things to think about:\n1)After the wedding is over, maybe you can coordinate a weekend or an overnight trip where you can take the drive, visit, get the pictures and share with her some of your ideas for a wedding album.  If you want the wedding album to be a total surprise, forfeit the first idea.\n2)If you do decide to take the first idea and you consider that today is January 20th, you realize that you still have alot of time to organize page layout, colors, find some stickers, stamps, markers, ribbons,  etc.  I realize that you will not know everything there is to know about the wedding yet since it hasn't happened, but every wedding clearly has a similar layout.\n\nSome ideas for the wedding album.  Try to get some random things from alot of people who were involved with or attended the wedding.  For example, you might get some pictures from alot of different people and decide which ones would be good for a nice storybook album.  You might want to do a brief page at the beginning of the album that gives a little bit of the couple's background...a picture of their houses as they were growing up, pictures with parents and siblings, senior year pictures, baby/toddler pictures, etc., a lock of hair if it is available.  Dedicate another section for dating-pictures at various events, silly pictures, engagement picture, etc.  Put some pre wedding pictures in there...the girls getting ready with applying makeup, getting hair done, pictures of bride and groom all dressed up with families, etc.  Put a copy of the wedding program in the album.  See if you can get some of the flower petals to put in various sections of the album.  Maybe put another page with "Couples Favorites" and include favorite song(s), hangout spots, dating activities, etc.  Last year, I went to a Creative Memories workshop and the consultant was really knowledgable regarding assisting with layout ideas, content ideas, etc.  I have also included the website link for Creative Memories http://www.creativememories.com/ so that you can take a look.  On the website, you will be able to find consultants in your area based on your zip code and there are ideas on how to set up albums.  I'm not suggesting that you order everything that Creative Memories has on their website, but there are alot of really helpful ideas to get you started as well as helpful ideas for making the album durable and long lasting.  Hope you have fun with the wedding and with scrapbooking!! :o)
Yes.. It should be illegal, but as long as there are people willing to pay the high prices they'll stay in business.. It's a total screw job.. \n\nGoing to one of those place is about as smart as going to one of those CHECK CASHING places or a PAY DAY LOAN place.. Where you get the money now then they cash your check after you get paid.. RIP OFF
That is why you should get a realator.  It might feel like you are paying a lot up front, but in the long run, you will save money.  To find out what you can afford take your rent and compare it to what you would pay for mortgage + taxes + repairs.  Now you have to look at the growth rate in your area and figure out how many years you are going to live there.  If you live there 10 years and the cost of your home doubles- then you made a lot of money, If the price is stagnant, then you lost money by paying taxes, paying for repairs and paying more $ than you would have rent.  The good news is you didn't have to ask anyone if your could paint the kitchen pink.
1. brush after every meal 2. rinse& floss after brushing 3. don't eat foods with offensive odors 4. get tongue scrapper 5. see a dentist often your bad breathe may be due to gum desease also get any rotten teeth pulled!
HA HA HA this question is very similar to "why do people breathe?" well they fraud for money...thats it...the only thing behind ffrauds is money. They want money easier than others do. So thats the inspiration behind fraud!!!
SMILES\nbecause, there is a MILE between the two 'S's
I think whom made this war ...if its there ...ppl againest the GOD ...bcs all the relgions what ever was asking for one goal its folow the GOD whom creat us...\n\nWhy must be war ..if the all relgions ask for thats ... but i think whom find thats concept ( war of religious) they did for some benifets for them self ...\n\nFor islam asked us to respect and believe all the other relgions and thier profets and thier holy books ...bcs all of them came from GOD \n\nSo should evry one respect his won religion what ever was and in the same time respect the other religions ..and thats what islam teach us
Well it doesn't worsen your condition, although it may irritate your scalp (and the flakes may fall on your clothes making it appear worse).\n\nCommon dandruff is thought to be caused by a fungus, so use of a medicated shampoo (such as Neutrogena T/Gel or Nizoral) will help. Use it every day until the flakes are under control, and then once or twice a week afterward to keep it under control.
Hey, just bringing this old question up for a vote.
That would be just great, let the company you are working for (Temp) pay you for using their supplies to find another employer!  And if you did the job that you were hired for (Temp), I suppose that you would want to be paid for doing that, too??\n\nI am sure that if you owned a business, and your Temp employees used your supplies (and time) to look for another job, that you would probably say to them " Sure, it is ok for you to steal my supplies and the company work time I am paying you for".
Who told you there was no benefit?  A and B bloodtypes refer to the types of glycoproteins on the outsides of cells.  These gylocoproteins serve the function of acting as immunological recognition factors--they help the immune system differentiate "self" from "non-self."  Though the specific structure of such chemicals is largely arbitrary, it is not true to say that the existence of such glycoproteins is arbitrary.  As an analogy, there is no benefit to the *specific* combination of numbers that is in my social security number.  It's a random sequence, but a registry at the federal government allows the government to use that number to recognize my unique identity.  Hence the sequence of digits may be arbitrary, but the existence of the number is far from arbitrary.  I'd have a harder time getting through life in the US without one.\n\nLikewise, there may be not much evoultionary differences in today's society for the glycoproteins on a specific cell type, but if you had no such glycoproteins at all, you'd be unable to have a functioning immune system.  Evolutionary selective factors might not be so strong as to eliminate everyone with a particular cell left unlabeled by glycoproteins, but there is an evolutionarily important reason for having glycoproteins in general.\n\nMy blue eyes are such an anomaly comparable to the O blood type--the gene for making some modestly useful protein (likely more useful in the past than it is today) is not functional, hence a certain anamolous differnence exists between me and most people.  There is a slight advantage to having brown eyes, in that blue eyes are more sensitive to UV light (less important for my northern ancestors than for people from equatorial regions).  Likewise, it has been proposed (though not definitively concluded) that the A blood group had better chances of surviving the bubonic plague back in the times that it swept across Europe, leaving a greater prevalence of the A blood type in areas where the bubonic plague hit hardest.
The first person arrested under the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850 was James Hamlet, who was seized in New York.
I would look for it and teach it to clean the fridge so i'll never have to do it again and in return it could live there for free.
If you go to Amazon.com and enter in a keyword like "music industry" and see what comes up.
Number, for starters.  As far as Chinese, it's commerce.  India, engineering.\n\nAbout 2 billion combined in India and China.  Just under 300 million in USA.  Why, are you expecting an invasion?
There are six teams that have never made it to the Super Bowl:\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Super_Bowl#Teams_with_no_Super_Bowl_appearances\n\nArizona Cardinals\nCleveland Browns\nDetroit Lions\nHouston Texans \nJacksonville Jaguars \nNew Orleans Saints \n\nBut it's possible to make it, of course, and just not win.  To be honest, the list of winners is far shorter and thus easier to provide.  Anyone not in the list, of course, has not won.\n\n5 - San Francisco 49ers\n5 - Dallas Cowboys\n4 - Pittsburgh Steelers\n3 - Green Bay Packers\n3 - New England Patriots\n3 - Oakland Raiders (one win as Los Angeles Raiders)\n3 - Washington Redskins\n2 - Denver Broncos\n2 - Miami Dolphins\n2 - New York Giants\n1 - Indianapolis Colts (won as Baltimore Colts)\n1 - Baltimore Ravens\n1 - Chicago Bears\n1 - Kansas City Chiefs\n1 - New York Jets\n1 - St. Louis Rams\n1 - Tampa Bay Buccaneers\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Super_Bowl
Get your digital camera and model for him.
It all really depends on what type of application has the port open.  For instance, if you are running a web server you would most likely see port 80 and perhaps 443 for a secure web site. If you had an FTP server running, you would see port 21 open.  To gain access to these various ports, it is best to use the application intended (ie. Web browser, FTP client, etc.) If you want to make a raw connection to an open port you can sometimes uses the telnet protocol and add the port number to the end.  Drop to DOS and type 'telnet <ip# of computer w/open port> <port#>' like this:  'telnet 127.0.0.1 25'  This would connect you to a SMPT server running on your local computer (port# 25).
2 cups in a pint, 2 pints in a quart, 4 quarts in a gallon
Thats sooo sweet !!! of course you should e-mail him . Why not ? It is so hard to find guys that are  romantic anymore . I say go for it whats the worst that can happen . I do suggest however that if you do not actually know him well that you only meet him in a public place .
regular or king size???  Either way it's fattening.
lipo
It grips better than a nail?\n\nThings screwed together can be taken apart later without damage to the pieces?
By a man and a woman having sex without a condom!And by a man donating a woman some sperm!How old are you?
I would imagine so.  The general concept of a cart with wheels far predates the automobile.  Horse-drawn carriages, wagons and so on.  Though they were probably not called toy cars, the concept was the same.
Good. To hell with the so called "Clintons" anyway. I don't care if Bill fooled around on his wife. What grinds my gears is that Lewinski was the best piece of strange he could manage as the most powerful man in the world? And then he got caught! What a dork loser scumbag. I want a presedent with better taste in women than that, or at least the cajones to enforce a cover-up. EFF that guy. Clinton didn't do anything worth mentioning, so he gets caught in a sleazy affair to get famous. Screw him.\nAnd also his wife is running NY into the ground and I can't even stand my own home state anymore.\nTo hell with them both and anyone connected with those deadbeats.
Fake Currency
The person you're likely looking for is Dr. Anthony Komaroff.  He's been researching Chronic Fatigue Syndrome at Harvard Medical School for a number of years.  He's a full professor there as well as a senior internist at Brigham and Women's Hospital.\n\nGood luck with your daughter.
Some people who suffer from depression due to such things as Dopamine deficiency can find smoking pleasurable.  Cigarettes are said to release dopamine, a happy chemical in the brain.  Similar to the effects of bupropian, which is why that drug can help some people quit smoking.
I like to mark a point on the wall and stab it, but that doesn't sound like an option.  The next best way is the tennis ball method - poke a hole in a tennis ball and put a rope out one end.  Toss the ball over something it can safely hang over (a basketball goal or maybe a hook in the ceiling) and tie the other end of the rope to a point in the middle of the rope, creating an adjustable loop.  You could also just fix the length and make a more permanent hanging tennis ball.
OOh, I know this one!\n\nIt was published anonymously in the Princeton Tiger;" it goes\n\nThere was an old man of Nantucket\nWho kept all his cash in a bucket\nBut his daughter
Trick question.  The manager has $25.  The bellhop has $2.  The three men have a total of $3 in refunds.  Total: $30.  No missing pound.
If you are talking SHORT TERM, this two-week-long weight loss program will work. It has worked for me, for Renee Zellweger (after her Bridgett Jones movies) and for many others who need fast weight loss. Follow these steps religiously:\n\n1.Drink lots of fresh water every day using this formula: (your current weight) divided by 2 = ounces of water to consume each day. I like to drink room temperature water from a bottle because it’s easier to “chug.” I put four of the bottles on the kitchen counter and make sure they are all empty by the end of the day. Best to consume them throughout the day.\n\n2.Don’t drink any alcohol of caffeine. No soft drinks. Only green teas. REMEMBER, THIS IS ONLY 14 DAYS. YOU CAN DO IT IF YOU REALLY WANT YOUR GOAL.\n\n3.Fast walk or run for at least 60 minutes each day. It’s best to exercise in the morning since it will rev up your metabolism and keep our calorie-burn rate high throughout the day. You can do this by walking in place, using a treadmill, or walking outside. Whatever works for you.\n\n4.Do at least 50 crunches each day. I break mine into 2 or 3 different sessions. Also, if I need to do 20 crunches, I play a little trick with my mind and I “pretend” I am going to count to 25. It’s amazing how this helps the body get to all of the crunches with the same intensity.\n\n5.Eat only fresh vegetables! This is the key to the whole thing. Eat as many as you want, but DON’T eat any of the following: starchy vegetables including potatoes, squashes, pumpkins, and the like. They will work against you. Limit carrots, snow peas, and other veggies that are high in sugar content. NO GRAINS. Just fresh vegetables. You can eat salads, stir-fries, steamed, etc. But this is at the heart of your success.\n\n6.Don’t eat anything after 7:00 p.m.\n\n7.Put photographs (from magazines) up all over your house of trim, fit women. They will serve as motivators.\n\n8.Several times each day – especially when you first get up and when you go to bed, say something like: “I am enjoying my weight of (your goal weight).” Put it in the present tense and say it many times – with feeling! This will affect your subconscious mind to help you achieve your goal. Also, post these words in the same places where you post the photographs.\n\nAlso, don’t be surprised if you start feeling better than you have felt in a long time. You will have more energy, most aches and pains will be gone, and your whole body will look brighter. One warning, early on your elimination will be a little “urgent.” You may have some cramping. But this will all go away soon. Your body is in a deep cleanse.
http://www.techbooksforfree.com/
I would ask my friend if they wanted me to invite him/her. Who knows...it is a chance for you to get to know him/her, and he/she must have some good qualities if your friend likes them...maybe you will make a new friend.
We like to say "match the bug, with the drug".  Penicillin was one of the first antibiotics.  It was widely prescribed and used.  With new and better technology, scientists have discovered other drugs that are more sophistocated to treat certain infections.  While yes it is true over prescription of antibiotics, not just penicillin, can cause tolerance, I believe in part the fact that technology has caught up with infections and we have the right medicine to treat them.
I assume you already have an ID, so you go to mail.yahoo.com and it'll tell you how many unread emails you have, and you can click on the numbers... Then, you'll find the list of the emails and check it one-by-one...
Coming soon ...... Jason White.  He didn't get drafted because of injuries, but he has a beautiful mind for football.
They climb back down.
Jeff Gordon or Jimmie Johnson
Alcohol is legal, some drugs are too-like "prescribed" ones. Both are "addictions", not disabilities in my book.
You should state the name/company of the actual Web service component that you are using.\nEvery program defines its architecture for plug-ins and the way they may access context data.
No adverse effects, but some precautions are that it should not be used if you have tuberculosis or if you have any infection around the rectal area.
Bush is a puppet for the wolfowitz doctrine and other high profile secret societies. He is not for the people, he is for corporations, and making money for him and his cronies. Not helping any of use americans. Bush is a good puppet.
The best cancer treatment center is here in Houston, Texas. You may contact me and I will direct you to the best oncologist that has a cure rate of over 90%. I will give you his name, address and telephone number.  If you can't get to Houston on your own, we will make arrangements for your travel, after speaking with your Dr. where you now live. This Dr. cured our best friend of Cancer and was asked to be the head physician at M.D. Anderson Cancer Center here in Houston. He turned it down as he was being successful treating his patients and curing them through his own reseach and development laboratory. He is truly amazing. You may contact me at greg120750@yahoo.com if you need further information. I cannot just put his name out thre without his permission.  Thanks and take care!
Begin with praise and honest appreciation. THen be frank and tell him the truth. Then let him save his face. Give him a fine reputation to live up to.
i DO, of course. hmmm, i love the lyrics, and the clip, its good and funny, i guess, haha. its tre cool who dressed up like a woman, and he even wearing make ups?!?!
I don't know if I really miss winter for I live at the winter-less country... But, I think it'd be great if I experience once to go to country with winter season...
A republic is a kind of democracy. Democracy is a wide-reaching term referring to basically any system of government in which the people play a significant part in the running of the government. A pure democracy is one in which every citizen votes on every decision, which is fairly impratical with the size of today's nations. A republic is a representative democracy, meaning people vote for people (president, representative, senator, etc.) to go represent them while actually running the country. This allows people to not spend all of their time voting on every bill, but still gives them control over how it is run, since most elected officials want to be reelected, and also avoid being recalled.
A copper calorimeter is a small solid block of pure copper in a vacuum that has thermocouple wires attached to it to measure the rise in temperature of the block with exposure of the block to controlled amounts of energy from a heat source. Thermal loss must be minimized, readings must be immediate, calibrations must be highly accurate, temperature variations within the block must be eliminated (hence the need for a small block).
There are different formats for CD, like CD-Audio, VCD, SVCD etc, each format has its own way to store data. If we are talking about CD-Audio Standards then it can store upto 80 minutes of sound recording, this will be stored on tracks, you can not store these tracks to your computer hard disk. If you want to store your audio cd on your computer then you have to convert it (RIP) into mp3 or wma format using Media Player 10 or any other Ripper, it will convert the CD-Audio track into almost 4mb file. but remember its another standard.\nThe best way to check whether your car sound system play mp3 or not is that try to play an mp3 CD in it. :)
ROCK. all the kinds of rock. from classical to hard..
apart from the fact that insects are basically attracted to light, they are abundant due to its thermoregulation. light provides heat.
If you are talking about laptop harddrives, then yes, you can buy a casing that will convert a harddrive into a "jumpdrive" sort of thing.
The Purple Haze Allstars: Got Purp Vol. 2
Ask him if he likes you. If you're a shy person, you could get a friend of yours, most likely a guy, to ask him for you.
Don't just end it!  You have a kid!  You should be mature enough to talk through this and have a dicussion with your future husband.  If he can't handle a serious conversation then maybe you do need someone that is ready for a serious relationship and ready to grow beyond the age of 19.
You have some slightly more specific questions?  You want *all* the facts?  If so, you'd end up with more facts than you could possibly understand, I suspect.\n\nAsk more specific questions and you'll get much better answers.  Otherwise, just google the heck out of lidar, radar, and laser and you'll learn probably more than you want to know.
The general ledger, sometimes known as the nominal ledger, is the main accounting record of a business which uses double-entry bookkeeping. It will usually include accounts for such items as fixed assets, current assets and liabilities, profit and loss or income and expenditure items, and funds or reserves.\n\nThe general ledger is a summary of all of the transactions that occur in the company. It is taken directly from the general journal, where each transaction is recorded.\n\nThe balance sheet and the profit/loss statement are both derived from the general ledger. Because it is organized by accounts, the general ledger allows you to observe the impact of all the transactions affecting each account at any given time. The general ledger is where posting occurs, which is the process of recording credits and debits in the general ledger. The actual balances are called the trial balance.\n\nThe general ledger should include the date, description and balance entries for each account. It is usually divided into at least five main categories. These categories generally include assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and sometimes additionally equity (liabilities held by the owners of the company). The main categories of the general ledger may be subdivided into subledgers to include details such as cash, accounts payable, accounts receivable, etc.\n\nBecause each transaction debits one account and credits another to an equal extent an accounting system will ensure that the general ledger will always be in balance unless, for example, an account (some times called a T-account) is deleted or mis-specified in the general journal.
If you meant the link, it is below. :)
Zoledronate (Zometa®, Novartis) is a bisphosphonate, used to prevent osteoporosis and skeletal fractures, particularly in patients with cancers such as multiple myeloma and prostate cancer. It can also be used to treat hypercalcemia, particularly hypercalcemia of malignancy. It can also be helpful for treating pain from bone metastases.\n\nSide effects\nSide effects can include fatigue, anemia, muscle aches, fevers, and swelling in the feet or legs. Zoledronate can cause deterioration in renal function.\n\nA rare complicaiton of zoledronate is osteonecrosis of the jaw. This has mainly been seen in patients with multiple myeloma treated with zoledronate (Durie et al 2005).\n\n\nContraindications\nPoor renal function (e.g. creatinine>3 mg/dL) \nPregnancy
I currently charge over $1000 for a flash website. It all depends on what the website consist of... my website is www.xpius.com...
Instead of trying to get a job working for someone else, try putting an add in your local paper, spreading the word, that you are willing to come to a person's home, or business, and setting up the security needs, that they might have..There are all kinds of possibilities that you could do..You will be surprised how many people need a service like that..Good Luck
It must be something with your computer or connection because gmail's working fine! G'luck!
I know that very few Japanese women take drugs to ease labor pains.  Doctors very rarely will give them to women. It is highly discouraged. I live in Okinawa, Japan on a military base and had my baby at the military hospital where I could have had drugs but opted not to.  I went to prenatal classes with Japanese women and they told me all about it.  They're also told to gain only 12-16 pounds during pregnancy!!!  CRAZY!
I hope the guy takes some of that money and buys a new shirt.  It's bad enough seeing his ridiculous whining smirk on every channel the past few weeks.  At least change your clothes in between Larry King and Oprah pt. 2.  Sheesh!
LMAO guilty of cursing :0( sorry lol but only when i'm with my friends that do the same and not in public.
Block this ID .On messenger tab of your yahoo messenger click preferences then go to ignore list click add and enter ID and finally click apply .you can find report abuse link in all yahoo public rooms click on it and send feedback to yahoo about ID .\nand you can sign in to yahoo chat via link below I think you can simply find report abuse.
NOON
Winter in Alaska lasts different amounts of time depending on the location.  In Anchorage, where I live, we see the first snowfall in late October or so.  Cold and snow here lasts through late April/early May when we experience Spring "break up"...when the snow melts and everything turns into a muddy mess.  Other parts of the state see their snowfall start earlier or later, depending on physical location in the state, proximity to the coastlines, etc.
it's nothing more than a buzzword as far as what President Bush wants to do. They talk about democracy this and that, yet we cannot uphold our own. We didn't have a square election in 2000, nor did we have a choice in '04. The difference between the two candidates was nothing more than a coin toss. The real alternatives to them were pushed out by having more money and connections.\n\nAlso people get confused on what our country is. People automatically assume it's a democracy, when in fact it's a republic. Which is a limited democracy. Otherwise if we had a pure democracy, the majority woudl get whatever they want and the minority would be totally screwed. An analogy to that is two wolves tell a lamb whats for dinner. It doesn't and shouldn't work that way. We can barely even keep it a republic though.\nSo to ask what is western democracy, you have to see past what the talking heads preach and realize what is going on.\nYeah, we can elect people. yeah we can put in new laws..for ourselves, on our own account... Except when it gets hijacked by individuals who know how to manipulate it all. Then for the people to not have enough guts/critical thought to overturn the injustice...\nBut for us to force it on others is an antithesis of democracy in the first place.\nI don't recall the world calling a vote for candidate Mr. U.S. govt. and being nominated to decide what country should have a regime change first, especially when Mr. U.S. govt. supported that regime at one point.\n\nThe current aims of the U.S. govt. to coerce 'democracy' stands thus far:\n1) hypocritical, ours is failing\n2) illogical, forcing a democracy defeats itself\n3) moot, U.S. govt. could care less if people in other countries are actually free or not, it's about making the initiatives they create sound pleasant.
Here is the famous astronomer late. Dr. Carl Sagan's answer to similar question. I found it in Nova website. Below is the paragraph extracted from that website.\n\n"First of all, it might be that you can build a time machine to go into the future, but not into the past, and we don't know about it because we haven't yet invented that time machine. Secondly, it might be that time travel into the past is possible, but they haven't gotten to our time yet, they're very far in the future and the further back in time you go, the more expensive it is. Thirdly, maybe backward time travel is possible, but only up to the moment that time travel is invented. We haven't invented it yet, so they can't come to us. They can come to as far back as whatever it would be, say A.D. 2300, but not further back in time. \nThen there's the possibility that they're here alright, but we don't see them. They have perfect invisibility cloaks or something. If they have such highly developed technology, then why not? Then there's the possibility that they're here and we do see them, but we call them something else—UFOs or ghosts or hobgoblins or fairies or something like that. Finally, there's the possibility that time travel is perfectly possible, but it requires a great advance in our technology, and human civilization will destroy itself before time travelers invent it." -Carl Sagan
Fontaine(13 goals)of France in 1958 World cup, Sweden.
For anyone that ascribes to Darwin's origin of the species theory (where there is no God who could call all things seen and unseen into exsitence with the command of his Word), war should not be a problem, because there is no finite moral standard... it is survival of the fittest.  Eat... or be eaten, Kill or be killed.\nFor those who have a life-trusting faith in God, it is sometimes harder to decide, since we are past those times when God tells his people to go and eliminate this group or that "so that you may have the land that I have promised you."\nIn current times we need to be loyal to our friends who call for aid.  We may sometimes need to step out and rescue a people from an unbelievably oppressive governmental hardship, particularly when that government gives all the signs that it not only materially supports terrorism but that it will conduct unprovoked war on other peaceful nations.
panthers
BY CUTTING YOUR CALORIES TOU WILL LOSE WEIGHT BUT YOU WILL BE FLABBY W/O EXERCISE.  I LOST 45 POUNDS BECAUSE OF ILLNESS.  I WAS TOO WEAK TO EXERCISE SO NOW I AM WORKING ON FIRMING UP WHICH IS VERY HARD TO DO.
Yes, democracy is the best system.  However, it's not without flaws as we learned this week when Hamas won the majority of the vote by the Palestinians.  Hamas is a terrorist group that could really throw off the way much of the world views democracy.\n\nStay tuned, this should be interesting.
it is a character on South Park
Managing (as in keeping track of) your inventory (as in products or materials)
Try these:\n\nDisable auto complete: http://help.yahoo.com/help/us/ysearch/basics/basics-25.html\n\nClear search history in Y! toolbar: http://help.yahoo.com/help/us/toolbar/toolbar-10.html\n\nHope your problem is solved.
As oil prices soar, so do the profits of oil companys. If I were given some "monopoly money" that's were I would invest it. Even if the world begins to run out of oil they'll still find a way to make big bucks.\nBrittish Petroleum\nExxon-Mobil\nAnd more that I can't think of right now...
Has ranged from 132 to 156 depending on the test.
You like who you like, and dont apologise to anyone for it1  screw them!
American medicine before the invention of Penicillin was mainly nutrition.  Working at a hospital I see medicine pushed by drug reps.  Some of these medicines are based on the idea of the sugar pill.  If you believe it will work it will.  Here is a classic senario for you that happens all the time at the hospital.  A elderly patient comes in with a cold or a cough.  Instead of doing cultures and finding what is the best drug for them they give a broad spectrum antibiotic such as rocephin.  This knocks out their normal flora of bacteria in their intestines giving room for C. Diff. to become the predominate bacteria.  This causes diahreah and the patient comes back for dehydration and feeling really sick because of this bacteria.  Vancomyacin is then prescribed to knock out C. Diff.  It does to an extent but then your normal flora of E. Coli end up mutating to Vanc Resistant Ecoli.  This is not a neccessarily a bad thing since it is not a problem while it stays in the intestines.  But by this time the antibiotics have caused yeast infections such as thrush and what not and you are very sick.  The doctor ends up having the patient cathiterized and they develope an Urinary Tract infection with the VRE.  They then develope Sepsis and end up dying.  The catch 22 is that if they had not been prescribed the Rocephin this would not have happened, but the drug companies have come up with a "List" of drugs that should be given to any patient presenting to the hospital with any symptoms of pneumonia, such as a cough.  It is called "core measures".  If they don't prescribe these medicines they are looked down upon by the hospital AND drug companies even though these can ultimately end up killing the patient.
PMSL Your President has mental problems, not to mention those who voted for him! :o) \nTwice!
I would simply tell her that if she likes the guy, ask him to the dance ... what is the worst that could happen .. he says NO .... at least if he does, she can move on to find someone else.  If he says YES, tell her to have a great time at the dance
It depends if you are playing solo or with a piano accompaniment. If you are playing solo, you would use a tuning fork (440 Hz)to tune your "A" string. Then, you would use your "A" string as a reference to tune the other strings. The strings on a violin are "G" "D" "A" and "E". Basically, the pitch of the strings is in ascending fifth. You want to try to tune to a perfect fifth: ie. "G and D" "D and A" and "A and E". \n\nWith a piano accompaniment, you tune to the A above the middle C on the piano. And use that as your reference.
because "imprimido" is simply not the right way to pronounce it (simply first grade grammar and semantic)\nImpreso is the right pronunciation!!!
You can't AIDS or any other STDs (sexually transmitted diseases)through masturbation. It will also not cause blindness or hairy palms. AIDS can only be contracted through exchange of bodily fluids with an infected partner.
Enter 9x3 in Google Search and see what happens :)\n\n(Sorry, Yahoo!)
Which ever u ordered first.
With parental consent: (I quote)\n\n"Male: 18 – parental consent and/or permission of judge required.\n\nFemale: 16 – younger parties may obtain license in case of pregnancy or birth of child. Younger parties may marry with parental consent and/or permission of judge"\n\nWithout parental consent: (I quote)\n"Male: 18\n\nFemale: 18"\n\nFrom: \nhttp://family-law.freeadvice.com/ohnoparentalconsent.htm
Are you talking about Isaac Singer?
I think I developed an allergic reaction to wheat sometime in my late 20's and would experience severe stomache pains after drinking beer.  I laid off for a while and for some unknown reason can now consume beer without the stomache pains.  I would recommend drinking in moderation and seeing what the results are.
As the dictionary would have the definition: "[something] confined to theory or speculation often in contrast to practical applications" or "existing only in theory."
Can you restate your question? Do you mean: list popular languages based on the population of people speaking them? If so, then I think Chinese would take the prize, followed by Spanish, English, Russian, and so on.\n\nHere's the list from about.com:\n\n1. Mandarin Chinese - 882,475,389\n2. Spanish - 325,529,636\n3. English - 311,992,760\n4. Hindi - 181,780,905\n5. Portuguese - 178,557,840\n6. Bengali - 172,756,322\n7. Russian - 146,327,183\n8. Japanese - 128,278,015\n9. German - 96,047,358\n10. Wu Chinese - 77,998,190
i am white i do. i also love black people my boyfriend is black. its all in the way you were raised and non- racial feelings
The warmer the air the more moisture it can hold, so there is an increase in the humidity. When you chill air, the moisture is released, making rain. When it gets warm the water evaporates as it is held by the air.
My understanding is that you can't be limited to one tv service.  The HOA can restrict how you hook up to a dish service though.  My HOA allows you to connect to dish service but they don't allow you to attach it to the exterior of the building.  That might be the restriction of your HOA as well.  If that's the case, then discuss it with the dish company and they have other setup otpions available such as a tripod that is anchored into the ground.  \n\nGet a copy of the bylaws of your HOA so that you can know exactly what the restrictions are.  At that point you'll be able to address it properly.\n\nGood luck!
Maybe your not a athletic person and you are trying to hard to be something maybe your not.  Watch other people and look at what they do to succeed.  Maybe that will work for you.
It appears that the question period has expired.  If you have received an answer that meets your needs, please choose one of those as a 'best answer.'  If you haven't received a good answer for your question, you may want to consider the following,\n\n1) Re-post your question.  Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo! Answers than old ones.\n2) If you do re-post your question, consider why it wasn't answered the first time.  Could it be more specific?  Could it be worded better? Were there grammatical or spelling errors? Was it in the best category?\n\nIf it doesn't seem likely that re-posting your question will help you, then here's a listing of my favorite 'answer sites'.  Maybe one of them will help you.\n\nAnswers.com http://www.answers.com/\nBartleby http://www.bartleby.com/\nYahoo Reference http://education.yahoo.com/reference/\nHowStuffWorks http://www.howstuffworks.com/\nWikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page\n\nSince I really haven't answered your question, it is not necessary to give me any points.  Regards.
the phospholipids are located with the phosphorus head ( hyprphilic end) pointed toward the outside and inside of the cell, the fatty acid chains ( hydrophobic ends) are located in the middle. there are many protiens located in the phospholipid bilayer that are constently moving. it is called the fluid mosiac model.
NO NO NO but it is to late we already have, and so many innocent  people will be hurt, the USA is going down the rat hole I don't believe in it any more it is becoming the greatest evil of the world, and making there self’s a bigger target then we already were, and the Muslims of the world will not tolerate the USA abuse of them, though I am not a Muslim I do respect them greatly, and don’t think that they deserve the rap that they get. We are allowing our government to be to powerful and ones we give a inch we lose all.There would not be terrorist out to get us if we ran our country in a different way then we do, they hate us for what we do. The USA has killed over 15 million people and the vast majority of them did not deserve to die or it was not our right. And if we would stop our support of the Israel and there crimes we would be a whole lot better off.
froogle.google.com or ebay.com is the best places to look, imo.
I'm not sure in the States but if you have a census bureau check there, or the DIA - Department of Indian Affairs.
Limit your use of caffeine, chocolate, and nicotine.  \n\nRegular exercise also helps limit the number of attacks.\n\nIf they persist you should contact a doctor.
Prior to investing your time, money & effort into a name, it is strongly advised that comprehensive research be conducted to ensure that the name you're interested in is truly available. \n\nThis entails searching the pending & registered Federal and State trademark files as well as the US National Common-Law files. Then, if clear, you can decide if you would like to file for a Federal or a State trademark. \n\nResearch is needed to make sure your trade name is legally available, before opening, before expansion, before incorporation or before designing your logo. Similarities in sound, appearance and meaning affect you too!\n\nThere are 16+ million trade names in use in the United States. Similar names matter, if close in sound, appearance or meaning. Similar names in related classes, distribution channels and customer matter too. You are affected by Common Law use (14 million), State Trademarks (500,000) and Federal Trademarks (2 million).
 Tooth foot disease are 1 in 2
depends on the girl. some we love, some we hate, some we dont care. some we talk, others joke, others argue, other have intimate relations with. it all depends on the combination of guy to girl. there is no one answer.
u get to answer more questions ans ask more got to ur level at the top of the page by ur name and u will see what u get.
Routine eye exams usually cost $35-70 in my area.  Generally, you get what you pay for.  Be careful of the bait and switch tactics of the cheapest places.  They will tell you $19 for the exam, then get you in the chair and tell you that you need $235 of additional testing or your eyes will fall out!  Ask what the exam includes when you shop around.  \n\nI think the better question is to ask your friends and neighbors if they like their eye doctor!  If the doctor is nice, honest, and cares for your eyes, you are getting your money's worth, whatever the price.
In the late part of the 18th century and early part of the 19th century attempts were made to make both the trumpet and bugle into chromatic instruments.  One such attempt was the slide trumpet.  Some historians attribute the invention to England.  A French version appears around 1840.  A description of the instrument follows:\n\n"It was basically the natural trumpet of its period except that the bend joining the middle pipe and the bellpipe was made in the form of a U-slide which could be pushed out towards the player by means of a rod with a touch-piece lying under the second and third fingers of the right hand and automatically closed again by a spring."\nAnother early attempt was the keyed trumpet and keyed bugle. The keyed trumpet is about 40 centimeters long and is held in a horizontal plane. The best way to think of these instruments is as almost a hybrid of a saxophone and a natural trumpet.  There are a number of keys (between five and nine) placed around the instrument and the pitch is raised or lowered by opening any combination.  The tone is produced with a metal mouthpiece as with any other brass horn.  Both Franz Joseph Haydn (1732-1809) and Johann Nepomuk Hummel (1778-1837) wrote concertos for the keyed trumpet and their works were the hallmarks of the literature for the trumpet.  The invention of the keyed trumpet is attributed to Anton Weidinger of Vienna in 1801.  Weidinger was a court trumpeter who was employed as a military trumpeter and theater musician, for whom Haydn wrote his concerto.\nThe keyed bugle was essentially the same as the keyed trumpet but with the bugle's distinctive conical shape.  The keyed bugle was made originally in England and became known to the public through the works of Richard Willis (17?-1830), an arranger, composer and performer.  The first patent was made by Joseph Halliday (dates unknown) in 1811.  Halliday named his new instrument the Royal Kent bugle in honor of the Duke of Kent.  His patent called for five keys and the instrument made its way to the United States with Willis when he was appointed bandmaster of the United States Military Academy Band at West Point, New York.\nTwo performers on the keyed bugle worth mentioning are Francis Johnson (1792-1844) and Edward (Ned) Kendall (1808-1861).  Johnson was a talented black bandleader who played many instruments including the keyed bugle.  He also composed music for his band which played for parades, military drills, and balls in Philadelphia.  One of his compositions was The Bugle Quickstep, no doubt written with the instrument in mind.  The most important keyed bugle performer in the United States was Ned Kendall.  He started performing on the instrument around 1830, continuing the work begun by Willis.  Kendall perfected greater skill in playing and helped spread the popularity of the keyed bugle.  His solo skills were in high demand and he performed widely with a leading vocalist of the time, Miss Anna Stone.  Another performer on the keyed bugle was the bugler at West Point, Louis Benz, who was the post bugler for forty years from 1830-1870.  Photographs survive of Benz with keyed bugles.\n  \n \n Around the 1840s, while the keyed bugle was still popular, the development of valved brass instruments began to appear in the United States. This was the next step in making the trumpet and bugle chromatic instruments, and the development is highlighted in the story of the virtuoso instrumental piece called Wood Up Quickstep, composed in 1835 by John Holloway (dates unknown).  Many tales of the origin of the piece exist but according to Holloway it came to him while walking on the Common in Boston.  The piece became closely associated with Ned Kendall.  Despite the invention of the valved cornet, Kendall continued to play the keyed bugle all his life.  He took part in a famous contest with himself on the keyed bugle, playing against Patrick Gilmore on the valved cornet in December of 1856 in Salem, MA.  The cont
Far greater than if you only used one condom. Using 2 condoms causes friction and they will BOTH break. I think you should be a bit more educated and talk to your partner more before taking this step. I hope this helps! :)
No one knows. This sections is still applicable, but only to those who had applied for adjustment of status prior to April 2001. \n\nCurrently, USA Congress is considering a comprehensive immigration reform. I do not think it has a provision restoring the secton 245(i).
You will get a series of nasty letters and phone calls from the financing company, and attorneys representing the finance company threatening to sue you, demanding that you pay up, etc.  All of these demand letters are spelled out in your financing documents or state lending laws before they can legally foreclose on your mobile home, so to some extent, they are just going through the motions and you should let them.  Given the current state of mobile home lending, they don't want your mobile home back.  They will soak you for every nickel that they can get from you.  Read your financing documents to see exactly what you are on the hook for - it might be much more than you think including repo costs, moving costs, legal costs, etc in addition to losing the mobile home.  It was nice of you to send the keys back to them, but that probably isn't the end of it by a long shot.
use Newton's second law of motion. F=ma. force on an object(the car) is equal to the mass(weight)of the car times the acceleration(or in the case of an accident the deceleration).\nIt's harder to determine the force on a passenger because the seatbelt is designed to minimize the impact of an accident. airbags do too!
Goofy. At least that is what my wife calls me all the time, so I guess it fits. :-)
WELL I AM KINDA IN THE SAME BOAT BUT I THINK I AM JUST GONNA WAIT AND SEE IF HE REALLY CARES ENOUGH TO BUY ME SOMETHING ON HIS OWN HE DID ON XMAS BUT IF HE ASKS YOU WHAT YOU WANT TELL HIM
i doubt you can find a decent free computer. however, if you go on ebay or best buy you can find cheap computers. dell also has desktops for about $400.
AAA\nApocalypse Anti Agents
Often the person who is in love will be willing to give up his/her happiness in order to make the other person happy. Take for instance the loving relationship between husband adn wives when it comes to time management. When the wife sees that her husband is depressed, she would be willing to give up her precious time (which could have been used for laundry, spas, cleaning, etc) to give comfort to him. Atleast, that is what ought to happen.
Studies using xylitol as either a sugar substitute or a small dietary addition have demonstrated a dramatic reduction in new tooth decay, along with arrest and even some reversal of existing dental caries. Xylitol provides additional protection that enhances all existing prevention methods. This xylitol effect is long-lasting and possibly permanent. Low decay rates persist even years after the trials have been completed.
Titibulations are tremors of the head or trunk.  Here's some information on it:  http://www.diagnose-me.com/cond/C253254.html
If you mean Arachnoiditis, then this is the report according to WebMD:\n\nArachnoiditis is a general term for several progressive regional disorders all of which result in the inflammation of parts of the middle membrane surrounding the spinal cord and brain (arachnoid membrane) and the space defined by this membrane (subarachnoid space). Either the spinal cord or the brain may be involved;" in some cases
www.avatar.yahoo.com edit the avatar and you can change it to female from there at the beginning.  ;")  If you must remove the avatar and start over again. Good Luck!!
If you are a member of a congrigation and you know what city you were baptized in, you can tell the parrish center and they can contact your original parrish for you. Believe me, the Catholic Church keeps paperwork. With a couple of phone calls they will be able to get it for you. I know because I had to do the same thing, only my original parrish no longer existed at all and they had to track down my certificate! Took a couple of weeks, but I got it. Best of luck!
1) Some people's first language is not English. \n2) They have been spoiled by spell checkers in MS-Word and as a result have lost the ability to spell correctly.\n3) Carelessness. They don't bother proof reading their sentences.
G 9ft
With the flu spreading around the world, the virus has turned up in birds in Asia and Europe, and it is feared that migrating flocks could take it to the Middle East and Africa. So far, the bird flu has only been passed from birds, either to other birds or in the isolated cases, to humans. However, if the flu mutates into a strain that can pass from human to human, people will have no immunity and the flu will probably pass rapidly from person to person, creating a pandemic. Flu vaccines can only be made to protect against a particular virus, and, since the virus has yet to be passed from human to human, no vaccine can be developed.\n\nIn Asia, many people live with ducks and chickens in their homes, and in their yards. Health and veterinary officials worldwide recently announced that a key way to stop the spread of the disease is to improve farming practices, segregating poultry from humans, and culling birds that have been infected with the deadly virus.\n\nWhat's next? When asked for predictions as to the seriousness of the pandemic, should one occur, experts have based their projections on a similar pandemic that occurred in 1918-1919. Up to a billion people fell ill, and nearly 100 million died worldwide. Translating to today's figures, they project that some 30-60 percent of the world's population could be infected by the virus, and over 300 million people worldwide could die. In the meantime, good hygiene remains the best prevention: keep hands well-washed, and avoid contact with people who have been infected with the virus.
"A kickoff in which the ball carries just far enough, at least ten yards, to be recovered legally by the kicking team."
Cancer cells could be sleepy in every body. Stress, not healthy diet or other factors could activate them and make them become deadly.
Contact your voter's registration office. They will give you the info you need.
Just a nice cool breeze, or some hot breathe, either way gets'em singing....;" )"
 I can't seem to remember events that happened a few years ago
Kilimanjaro, Tanzania: 19340 feet
Because he had vision and guts
No. The secret is that there is no secret.
If you are still having trouble with this, the Yahoo! Mail help pages offer some suggestions to make sure your emails are delivered properly:\n\nhttp://help.yahoo.com/help/us/mail/bulk/bulk-01.html\nhttp://help.yahoo.com/help/us/mail/defer/defer-03.html\nhttp://help.yahoo.com/help/us/mail/defer/defer-01.html
The Flesch-Kincaid Readability Tests are readability tests designed to indicate how difficult a reading passage is to understand. There are two tests, the Flesch-Kincaid Reading Ease, and the Flesch-Kincaid Grade Level. Although they supposedly use the same measures, just placed into a different scale, the results of the two tests do not always correlate (a text with a better score on the Reading Ease test over another text may end up with a worse score on the Grade Level test.)\n\nFlesch-Kincaid Grade Level\nAn obvious use for readability tests is in the field of education. The "Flesch-Kincaid Grade Level Formula" translates the 0-100 score to a U.S. grade level, making it easier for teachers, parents, librarians, and others to judge the readability level of various books and texts. \n\nThe result is a number that corresponds with a grade level. For example, a score of 6.1 would indicate that the text is understandable by an average student in 6th grade.
i do i play basket ball and just play pick up games of football and watch both.you could drop me a im just to talk
If you are writing the GATE 2006, I cant help you anymore, since I to  face the same problem (see my question)\nIf you are preparing for GATE 2007, I can guide you:\nSelect one hardest topic in syllabus book and leave it off\nStudy others thoroughly.\nattend the mock tests etc.\n\nu'll say hurray at the end
I personally get around this problem by using Firefox, but to answer your question:\n\nGo to Tools/Internet Options and Click on the "Advanced Tab".\n\nLook for the Section headed "Search from the Address Bar" and sub headed "When Searching".\n\nSelect the "Do not search from the address bar" option.\n\nThis is how it works on IE 6.0, which is what is on my computer right now.  Hopefully it will be similar for other versions.
HTH\n\nhttp://www.aim.com/acronyms.adp?aolp\n\nCUL
Affect = verb.\nEffect = noun.
It will be slow and agonizing, the slow upstream.  There are dynamic dns services you can subscribe to.  I know they have them for windows os, so they might have a linux one too.  However how it works is you pay like $20 a year and install their utility on your webserver.  So the utility on your server will send an update like every hour to their dns server.  It will update their dns to your new IP and your domain will continue to feed people to the right place.\n\nhttp://www.no-ip.com\ndynamicdns.com
if you mean whether ur e-mail has been read\nthe answer is yes\nthe mails which have been read is usually highlighted
Elements are basic substances, the concept being that they aren't "made of" anything but atoms.
Get your education, if it's meant to be then it's meant to be, but don't put your education at risk,\n     Knowledge is a survival skill.
Antarctica\nThe lowest temperature ever recorded on earth was -129F recorded in 1983
go to: http://www.thelightsaber.com/IndexFolder/index2.htm
Dubya can and should be impeached.  He has participated in more immoral acts than Clinton ever imagined doing.  \n\nThe only problem is then we would be stuck with *Expletive Deleted* Cheney.
-Read words rather than letters, and ideas rather than words\n-Avoid backtracking (reading over what you have just read)\n-Time yourself, before and after each improvement effort to check your reading speed\n-Balance your reading speed with your rate of comprehension\n-Read a lot of books, fast\n-Adopt different reading speeds: browsing vs. in-depth reading\n-Pause to mentally summarize the main points\n-Search for a good ‘Speed Reading’ book from a good library or bookstore.\n-Look for tips from the internet
yes many im still here what was it like oh im not going there. it makes you think every time.
Try your local Walmart...
1. Focus on what you wanna specialize in - bowling, batting or wicketkeeping.\n2. Search your potential. See what you enjoy playing as. Practice, play a few ordinary (tennis ball) cricket with people who are willing to teach you and see what kind of role would you like to go on with.\n3. If you're even serious and can afford it, join a cricket academy if you one in your city. \n4. Talk, listen & learn from the "senior folks" who play in your field, who you like watching.\n5. Browse cricketing websites. Don't focus a lot on the theoretical aspect of the game, instead focus mostly on what part of the game you wanna majorly perform in.\n\nYou might be interested in:\nhttp://www.abcofcricket.com/cfb1/cfb1.htm\nhttp://members.fortunecity.com/learncricket/\nhttp://news.bbc.co.uk/sportacademy/hi/sa/cricket/rules/default.stm
Because he does not know them.
bridesmaids !
I can take a reasonable guess not having looked at how it's implemented...\n\nOnce the object exists there will be almost no difference. Remember, a class is simply a collection of functions that have protected access to a group of variables. The only real drawback in OO languages is setting up this access for new objects, but these days it's hardly worth the mention. Inheritance, and the heirarchy lookup may, but it's extremely unlikely, make some slight difference.\n\nAt the end of the day, you need to store in variables what you need to store. Putting them in objects is simply more convenient in so many ways. You pay a tiny bit in performance for that, but you probably use less developer resources (if they count here).
There are 7 colors.  In order they are red, yellow, orange, green, blue, indigo, and violet.  A way to remembr that is a boy's name-Roy G. Biv
http://finance.yahoo.com/loan/query?t=m\n\nHere you can check the National Averages. I check them everyday....Don't ask why, it's this thing I have. ;" )"
Iran is FULL of oil, so really you dont need nuclear energy, you want to have a bomb, your president has publically stated that he will use the bomb on israel (if not other nations too) as soon as he gets it.. thats a first use policy. And yes hiroshima/nakaski was bombed but it was a different case, it really was not known how bad the results would be, and the usa was in a war with japan (remeber that japan started) and by dropping the bomb, MILLIONS of usa lives were saved by not having to go into japan... droping the bomb then, and iran threatening to nuke israel are completely differnt things. perhaps you should really ask why iran hates israel so much, that it would kill millions of people inlcuding jews, muslims and christians!!!
CRJ Pilot is right. In the context of the song, I'd say it's "let yourself fall."\n\nCafe Tacuba is a great group, no?
I am obsessed with that movie! I love it!! It made me cry too. and yes he is handsome!
I would probably say to myself that I should go to bed at 9 and then go to bed sometime between 10 and 1.
Sorry, to tell you this, but the deadline for a band to register for a showcase at this year's festival has long passed, but registration for 2007 will be available in August.
Metals are maleable (shapable) while most non-metals are fragile.\n\nMost metals are good conductors of electricity and heat while non-metals are insulators.\n\nNon-Metals are usually limited to forming four chemical bonds.    Metals follow other rules and can often form complexes exceding 4 bonds.
Hey, just bringing this old question up for a vote. \n\nIf you have not found the answer you are looking for, please, feel free to use one of the following links from my personal collection:\n\nhttp://www.dogpile.com\nhttp://www.itools.com/\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page\nhttp://www.dictionary.com\nhttp://www.thefreedictionary.com/\nhttp://www.medterms.com/script/main/hp.asp\nhttp://www.alexa.com\nhttp://www.searchtools.com/tools/tools.html\nhttp://www.infopeople.org/search/chart.html\nhttp://www.brbpub.com/pubrecsites.asp\nhttp://www.searchsystems.net/\nhttp://library.albany.edu/internet/choose.html\nhttp://www.archive.org/\nhttp://www.publicnoticeads.com/\nhttp://www.samspade.org\nhttp://www.free-ed.net/free-ed/ \nhttp://www.hplearningcenter.com \nhttp://www.petfinder.com/\nhttp://www.findlaw.com\nhttp://www.rxlist.com\nhttp://www.webmd.com\nhttp://www.truthorfiction.com\nhttp://www.salary.com\nhttp://www.songlyrics.com/\n\nMy post is simply to encourage you to pick a "Best Answer" or to assist you in finding the answer. \n\nThank you!
Yes. But that would be irresponsible leadership. A president should be able to stay the course especially when comes to war. By analogy, President Roosevelt could have called US troops from Europe and the Pacific, but where would that leave the world?
The City of Barstow Municipal Code can be found here:\n\nhttp://municipalcodes.lexisnexis.com/codes/barstow/\n\nAmendments not yet included in the code can be found here:\n\nhttp://www.barstowca.org/CityGovernment.asp?ContentID=54&nav=Municipal%20Code
Self mutilation may be popular right now, but pierciengs will not help your looks as you age. You're going to get wrinkles and now your adding holes too?
Of all the sites mentioned, only dice is IT specific.
take 2liter of diet coke\nput a whole thing of Mentos in very fast soda will shoot out of the top \n\n\ncool stuff
I don't think anyone here has gotten the right answer yet.  Check back tomorrow though, someones bound to get it sooner or later.
Go to tickle.com there is all sorts of fun tests to do including career interest. It's free
http://www.jimmyr.com/bored.php
An egg is afterall shaped like a hump...\nAnd egg is also dumpty when u roll it.\n\nMaybe that's y they called it an egg?\n\nI'm not sure myself...\nGood question...
January 31st.\n\nIf you do not receive your Form W-2, contact your employer to find out if and when the W-2 was mailed. If it was mailed, it may have been returned to your employer because of an incorrect or incomplete address, so  be sure to verify your address. After contacting your employer, allow a reasonable amount of time for your employer to re-mail or to issue the W-2.\n\nIf you still do not receive your W-2 by Feb.15, contact the IRS for assistance toll free at 1-800-829-1040. When you call, have the following information handy:\n\n - The employer's name and complete address, including\n   zip code, the employer’s identification number (if known),\n   and telephone number, \n - Your name, address, including zip code, Social Security\n   number, and telephone number;"\n - An estimate of the wages you earned
Your height, your weight,shoe size, and your experience level.  Your height determines how long your skis should be, your weight determines how strong of an arch the ski has, your shoe size determines your ski boot size, and your experience level determines whether or not to use ski poles, you should get those when you gain experience.
this is the only site from where i can send free sms to any country, but it is restricted to 1 sms per day
In the U.S., a state court has jurisdiction over disputes which occur in a state. Cases are heard and evidence presented in a trial court, usually located in a courthouse in the county seat.\n\nIf one of the litigants is unsatisfied with the decision of the lower court, the matter may be taken on appeal (but an acquittal in a criminal trial may not be appealed due to the Fifth Amendment protection against double jeopardy). An intermediate appellate court, often called the state court of appeals, will review the decision of the trial court. If still unsatisfied, the litigant can appeal to the highest appellate court in the state, usually called the state supreme court.
The Hazara ethnic group resides mainly in the central Afghanistan mountain region called 'Hazarajat or Hazaristan'. They make up anywhere between 19-25% of Afghanistan's population, but an accurate census has not been taken in decades so there is little information to verify at present. There are also significant populations of Hazaras in Pakistan and Iran.
Notre Dame
What exactly is the question?!? "Bye.?"
go to avatars.yahoo.com, sign in, and click Preferences in the top-right corner of the page. There is an option to change the avatar's gender there.
It's not the size of the ship but the motion of the ocean...I know corny but size isn't everything.  I have had partners that were small but were amazing in bed.  If sex is just about penetration to you then you need more practice.  Pleasing your girl is more about the foreplay than just sticking it in.  You should concetrate more on touching her with your hands and lips first.  Explore her with your hands and fingers before you go for it.  If you still feel like she isn't being pleased, ask.  If you are having sex, you should be able to talk about it with her.  Ask her what she likes.
Some pointers:\n\n1.Inflations\n2.Interest rates\n3.Market share\n4.Past sales\n5.PEST (political, economical, social, technological factors)
If you have high speed internet you can use Voice chat programs to talk to eachother. Even Dial-up internet connections can work, though it's worse sound quality and you sometimes have to use it as a walky-talkie. (1 person speaking at a time).\n\nThe names of a couple programs... Google Talk, Skype, Gizmo.\n\nA cell phone with nationwide coverage the lowest minutes and unlimited night and weekend minutes works as well.\n\nType messaging (E-mails & IM's) through the internet.\n\n\nIf one of you has high-speed internet but the other does not you could use something like Skype. Which has an option to pay a few dollar per month (I think $3)and get a couple different virtual phone numbers in any area code you want. Get a number local to the person with-out High Speed internet.\n\nThat person calls the local number and it's forwarded to the computer with the internet connection for free.\n\nYou can also use Skype to Call-Out to any Normal Phone number in the US for about 2 pennies a minute.\n\nFission
I watch it.  I can't help it. However, I don't know if I really like it though.
$34.00
In lieu of actually seeing the object, you might try this. \n\nGet a length of rope and tie it to an anchor. Hold onto the free end of the rope and drop the anchor near the center of the area you want to search. Holding the rope swim away from the anchor until the rope is pulls tight. Swim in a circle around the anchor, along the bottom, at the end of the rope. If the object is sticking up and hasn't settled in the silt, the rope will snag. At that point, you follow it back to your target. \n\nI know of at least one case where this method was used to retrieve a snowmobile that had gone through the ice on a frozen lake.
Switch to safe natural products in the house. If the asthma does not go away then grape seed extract is the next step.
it depends how old she is and how far apart you guys are, but from my experience my sister was a lot younger than i am and when i was a teen ager (a long time ago,lol) i try to do things for that made her feel like she's important to me like watching tv with her going to the mall even just to walk around with some friends made her feel like she's a part of my life bring a "surprise" for her when i come home from school like a candy bar or a bag of potato chips made herfeel important to me, if you guys are pretty much the same age try including her in some of the things that your doing, coz it sounds like she's trying to get attention from you but she's doing it in a negative way ,so try to turn that around and in turn you can ask her to respect your privacy.
Oh yes, full page answers are the worst, however since you looooove them i am going to entertain you with the best pschobabble i can think up, yes it will be entitled, the highlights and low lights of the past 4 days... On Friday i got a lot of new furniture in my house, we just moved in August. My best friend and i had a sleep over which would have been more fun if we weren't so dead tired. She just came from the trainers. Her shoulder is really messed up and makes a sort of clunk sound when she rotates it. Then on Saturday my best guy pal texts me and says he has liked me for two monthes, i was like "ahhhh crap" and got really stressed until i totally had my stomach clench beyond belief because i already have a boyfriend. Plus my other best guy friend had also chose this month to announce himself. So I just txted him back and asked if this would kill our friendship and he said no. Then shortly after i get back to breathing he says "i'm really glad i got that off my chest" i laughed at the irony... but decided against telling my bf.\n\nSunday my bf (of about 6 monthes) took me out to a nice restraunt for the first time since our first date. It was sweet, then we went to a bookstore and it was funny to see where we went for him, science section for me social science, for him physics for me metaphysics, but we both looked through history (he went for wars while i went for everything but) then we had ice cream. \n\nMonday: text friend tells me i have a nice butt, i tell him he is being inappropriate. best friend tells me about how she had sarah, her other best friend who also likes my bf which is my best friends brother (confusing i know) she was really steamed and yelled at my bf about how on earth he could pick me. he just sorta watched tv, lol he really is a great guy. I could go on and on and on.
It's basically what the first guy said but the main points of cornell notes is asking questions the summary and reviwing your notes, ishould know cuz im in AVID
Some medical transcriptionists can work at home. They dial in to the hospital, listen to the doctors dictation and type up the notes. \n\nYou might call around in your area. Try the hospitals and large medical groups.
There's a lot.. But InuYasha, FullMetal Alchemist, Yu-Gi-Oh!, Naruto, Absolute Boyfriend, and God Child have to be one of the best.. Well, for me at least.
The first step in acheiving success is believing in yourself.  When a person doesn't think they're smart enough or good enough, they often end up expecting failure, and get what they expected.\n\nYou could start with education.  The grammar in your question suggests this may be a weak area.  Whether you're in school or not, there are resources you can go to.  If you're still in school, talk to a counselor about getting extra help.  Maybe you have a learning disorder that hasn't been diagnosed.  If you're out of school, the local district proabably has adult classes available.  Having an education helps most people feel better about themselves, and also helps them present themselves to others more effectively.\n\nKeep a journal.  That will help you examine your feelings and learn to express yourself, as well.  When you have a bad day, review what you might have done differently in the journal, and how you think it might have changed the outcome.  \n\nI also recommend counseling or therapy to help you understand and deal with your feelings of failure and where they come from.  And remember this: the only true failure is the failure to try.  Never give up!
Universal brotherhood can only be achieved if individual religions are laid aside.  They tend to divide rather than unite people.  If we can all agree to covenant to one God, the Creator, it would be the beginning.
It appears that the question period has expired.  If you have received an answer that meets your needs, please choose a 'best answer.'\n\nIf you haven't received a good answer for your question, you may want to consider the following,\n1) Re-post your question.  Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo! Answers than old ones.\n2) If you do re-post your question, consider why it wasn't answered the first time.  Could it be more specific?  Could it be worded better? Were there grammatical or spelling errors? Was it in the best category?\n\nIf it doesn't seem likely that re-posting your question will help you, then here's a listing of my favorite 'answer sites'.  Maybe one of them will help you.\n\nAnswers.com http://www.answers.com/\nBartleby http://www.bartleby.com/\nYahoo Reference http://education.yahoo.com/reference/\nHowStuffWorks http://www.howstuffworks.com/\nWikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page\n\nRegards.
The number of different ways you can pick a couple is 15 (C(6,2)in combinatory calculus)\nThe number of different couples having a king is 6:\nK1 K2\nK1 ---\nK2 ---\n--- K1\n--- K2\nK2 K1\n\nSo the probability to pick a king is 6/15 = 2/5\n\nThe same number you get if you consider the "worse case" (first pick not a king) and calculate the probability to pick one of the 2 kings among the 5 cards left.\n\nSo it does work.\n2/5 is exactly 40%.\nThus the probability not to pick any king is the complementary: 100% - 40% = 60%
Even if there were, there is a difference between a bill and a law.
I think you have the name of the school wrong. There is a TESST College in Beltsville.\n\nThere web site is http://www.tesstcollege.com/
" Sea glass or beach glass is glass that have been sculpted by the wind, waves, and sand into smooth, elegant forms.  It is extremely popular for craft work, filling jars, wedding decoration, flower arranging in vases, and more". \n\nCourtesy:- http://www.seashells.com/seaglass.htm
Im not sure what you need
change ur Internet explorer language setting to ENGLISH.
Asthma attack:\nSevere wheezing when breathing both in and out\nCoughing that won't stop\nVery rapid breathing\nChest pain or pressure\nTightened neck and chest muscles, called retractions\nDifficulty talking\nFeelings of anxiety or panic\nPale, sweaty face\nBlue lips or fingernails \nRecognizing Asthma Triggers \nAsthma triggers are everywhere in our environment: indoors, outdoors and in the very air we breathe. Identifying triggers, however, is not always simple. It usually involves a process of elimination. A good place to start is a consultation with your doctor. Ask for guidance. Your doctor may recommend a skin test for allergies.\n\nA vast range of triggers can set off symptoms of asthma. Chief culprits include dust mites, air conditioning (which cycles offending substances into the air we breathe) and cat dander. Individual asthmatics, however, tend to have their own "red-alert" triggers.\n\nCommon Allergic Asthma Triggers\nThe following is a partial list of common asthma triggers:\n\nalcohol \nair conditioning \nanimal saliva and urine \natmospheric ozone \nbetel-nuts \nbird, dog and cat dander \nchemicals (e.g., hexachlorophene, formalin, ethylene diamine) \ncockroaches \ncold air \ncolds and upper respiratory tract infections \ndrugs (especially aspirin, cimetidine, antibiotics, beta blockers) \ndust mites & their droppings \nemotional upset \nexertion (especially if strenuous and in cold air) \nfood additives or preservatives (e.g., tartrazine, sulfur dioxide) \nfungal spores \nfumes (e.g., paint) \ngastroesophageal reflux (GERD) \ngum acacia \nhair particle proteins \nhigh humidity \nkapok and feather fillers (e.g., in pillows and cushions) \nmetals (e.g., cobalt, platinum, nickel) \nnuts \nplastics \nPVC \nragweed pollen (particularly in the U.S.) \nrubber \nsawdust (especially oak, boxwood and cedar wood dust) \nshellfish \nsmoke pollution \nsolvents \nstress \nstrong odors \ntemperature/humidity changes \ntobacco \ntree and grass pollens. \n\n\nCommon cold:\nThe symptoms of a common cold include sneezing, runny nose, nasal obstruction, sore or scratchy throat, cough, hoarseness, and mild general symptoms like headache, feverishness, chilliness, and not feeling well in general.\nCold symptoms are due mainly to the body's response to the infection. When a nasal cell is infected by a cold virus, the body responds by activating parts of the immune system and some nervous system reflexes.\nColds last on average for one week. Mild colds may last only 2 or 3 days while severe colds may last for up to 2 weeks.
Typically meteors appear greenish in color as they are burned up in the atmosphere.  The green color likely comes from ionized oxygen the intense heat created.
a boil
Formal Control Tools \n\nProject management technique that helps monitor the progress toward completion of a task and fulfillment of goals
You would get this returned to you by working 40 quarters in the United States and collecting Social Security when you retire.\n\nSocial benefits are not limited to citizens.  Everyone residing in the United States has access to the basic economic infrastructure that makes America great.
Any "egg" must as a neccessity for procreation contain diversity. Any A-sexual being can only produce a duplicate of its own species, so in either case at least one chicken must have been present otherwise no Egg could have been produced. And also since I am not aware of any stage of evolution where a species has become a-sexual, two chickens must have been present.\nAnd that last note is important as chickens are far more advanced in current evolutionary theory than say single-cell amoebas, and are regarded to have begun well-after such a-sexual life dominated.
Because the two words have different origins.
Well, I am a Director. The worst part is that we really do not have time to rest. And my rest days are not respected by my team.
The item that you most likely see is a pair of night vision goggles. \n\nThey are attached to the kevlar helmet by a mounting bracket which can either be flipped down so that the goggles are in front of the eyes, or it can flipped up when not in use. Either way it offers a hands free environment for the soldier to work with.
24 hours of daylight : from 18th of June - 24th of June\n\n24 hours of night : 20th of December - 26th of December
NEVER, under any circumstances, buy a bike from Walmart, sears, etc.  \n\nGo to a reputable bike dealer in your area and ask a million questions. If they're receptive, you've probably got an honest store. But probably, most important is to ask riders in your area;" not just friends but people you see riding
you cant trust someone you are chatting with
Clear search history in Y! toolbar: http://help.yahoo.com/help/us/toolbar/toolbar-10.html\nHowever, if you wish to delete search history saved by the browser and auto-filled when you type on the yahoo website, here is the solution:\n\nTo clear your history from Internet Explorer:\n1. Go to the "Tools" menu.\n2. Select "Internet Options."\n3. Click the "General" tab.\n4. Click the "Clear History" button. To completely disable the history function, set "Days to keep pages in history" to zero.\n\nTo clear your history from Mozilla Firefox:\n1. Go to the "Tools" menu. \n2. Select "Options" > "Privacy" > "History." \n3. Click on "Clear." To completely disable the history function, set "Remember visited pages for the last X days" to zero ("0"). \n4. Click "OK" to exit.
You will need to hire an experienced microbiologist to do this. \n\nIt will probably require an initial investment of 100,000 to a million dollars depending on your facilities. After the lab is set up you need to validate your equipment and compose a set of standard operating procedures. \n\nIt would probably be cheaper to outsource your micro testing. QA testing lab companies will have their own validated methods, a staff of microbiologists, and (in some cases) they'll even pick up your samples right from your processing facility.
We can't answer that without knowing which city. The best place to ask is that city's public library. To find the library's website, go to the site linked below.
when chat with her alot and know and like her very mach you will love her ,\nI have seen many people who loved each ather and get marriage from a chat .
$12 Dollars a day but watch out for the insurance, it'll kill you!  Actually the insurgents will kill you but you know what I mean.....
he's got to finish his daddys war this is another vietnam. I'd pull all of my troops out and quit giving foreign aid to every country and let em all starve. if they starve they can't fight.
Well, the doctor can only know if the hymen is broken.  Most frequently this is from sex, but not always.  There are various activities that will break your hymen that don't involve sex at all.  So while it's probable, it's not 100% accurate.
All of God's works are perfect; God is not the author of unrighteousness; so he did not create anyone wicked.(Deut.32:4;" Ps.5:4) The one who became satan was originally a perfect son of God. When saying that the devil ""did not stand fast in the truth""
It appears that the question period has expired.  If you have received an answer that meets your needs, please choose one of those as a 'best answer.'  If you haven't received a good answer for your question, you may want to consider the following,\n\n1) Re-post your question.  Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo! Answers than old ones.\n2) If you do re-post your question, consider why it wasn't answered the first time.  Could it be more specific?  Could it be worded better? Were there grammatical or spelling errors? Was it in the best category?\n\nIf it doesn't seem likely that re-posting your question will help you, then here's a listing of my favorite 'answer sites'.  Maybe one of them will help you.\n\nAnswers.com http://www.answers.com/\nBartleby http://www.bartleby.com/\nYahoo Reference http://education.yahoo.com/reference/\nHowStuffWorks http://www.howstuffworks.com/\nWikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page\n\nSince I really haven't answered your question, it is not necessary to give me any points.  Regards.
From a former pothead and diabetic I'll tell you that if you use any drugs or alcohol while having diabetes that it will raise your blood sugar. He has to worry more about the munchies that will raise his blood sugar, but keep urging him becasue its not going to be worth a foot or a toe if his diabetes gets out of control.
Ebay
Pele without discution because pele live his fantastic carrier during more than 15 years , but Maradona livehis fantastic carrier just a few year after 1986
Homeschooling is one answer. There are many great  books on homeschooling available. Do some research and you may be pleasantly surprised that it really could be a good option for you and your son.
Roller Compacted Concrete dam, a process on construction process of compacting the concrete vers vibrating to release air bubbles and pockets.
A black hole is a concentration of mass great enough that the force of gravity prevents anything from escaping from it except through quantum tunneling behavior. The gravitational field is so strong that the escape velocity near it exceeds the speed of light. This implies that nothing, not even light, can escape its gravity, hence the word "black." The term "black hole" is widespread, even though it does not refer to a hole in the usual sense, but rather a region of space from which nothing can return. Theoretically, black holes can have any size, from microscopic to near the size of the observable universe.\nBlack holes are predicted by general relativity. According to classical general relativity, neither matter nor information can flow from the interior of a black hole to an outside observer. For example, one cannot bring out any of its mass, or receive a reflection back by shining a light source such as a flashlight, or retrieve any information about the material that has entered the black hole. Quantum mechanical effects may allow matter and energy to radiate from black holes;" however
keep on hiding
1on1 games.
the steelers because the logo was just temp, they didn't know if they would like the steelmark, after it replaced the players numbers on either side of the gold helmet, Jack hart (equip manager) insisted on leaving it on one side of the gold helmet, then they finished second for eastern conference, qualified for playoff bowl, they wanted to do something special for postseason game, so they changed the color of helmet to black from gold, which highlighted the new logo. since then the logo only on one side brought on a lot of interest, and b/c of the teams success after that they decided to leave it that way
4
Assuming you have a computer that you want to connect to the Wireless network, either right click on the wireless connection icon in the system tray or go to Start > Control Panel > Network Connections and right click on that, then click on View Available Wireless Networks, when your Network shows up (it will probably be the only one in range anyway) you will want to click Connect when you do Windows will ask you to enter the Network Key (the WEP key) two times so make sure you enter it correctly both times.  You will then be able to connect to the network.  Though, you only need this when connecting wirelessly.
Well for me, the MAIN difference between male and female is their biological structure because if it's the way of thinking that you want, all I can say is that it just depends on their breeding, environmental factors, and adaptation.
The Historical Impact of American Novelty Confections of the 1960's and 70's
I like both but it's really great when you watch a movie like The Last Samurai or Seven Years in Tibet and later find out it's a true story.
it is hard to read yor email so here is mine zaxton6@yahoo.com just in case you made a typo
In addition to the other answers, King Louis XVI was rather disinterested in the welfare of the French people.  Louis XVI found more interest in throwing parties, hunting, and socializing with the nobility rather than focusing on the problems being faced by the lower class.  Specifically, the lower class experienced much oppression and famine during the period leading up to the French Revolution.\n\nKing Louis also did not hesitate to add to the population of the infamous prision, The Bastille. The prison's name is now lent to the French holidy, Bastille Day.\n \nMarie Antoinette, King Louis XVI's wife, was executed along with the king and much of the French nobility by the lower class which brought on the French Revolution.
Define hassle?   There will always be a process you have to go through, always forms you have to fill  out, and always information you will have to provide.  It doesn't matter whether you attend a traditional college or an online college, you still have to go through the motions.\n\nVisit with an admissions counselor at the college you want to attend for details on applying.\n\nBest of luck!
I think humans are definitely capable of forgiveness!  If they weren't there wouldn't be many relationship out there....we all need to be forgiven every now and then and we need to forgive as well!!  Of coarse it is reasonable to go to hell if you don't repent for your sins, learn from them, and believe in God and ask him to help guide you thru your life here on earth!!!
1) - the syntax at some place is wrong, It can be due to wrong spelling of a keyword, it can be coz, u forget giving space between two words, sometimes, tying mistakes. or some special chracter coming bewteen which is not allowed, check for this.\n2) - Any function u call and declare should have a prototype on top. like, If u r using fun(int a, int b);" then a line on top will be there like fun(int
dude how can we answer this?
romantic- 20 years\nfriends- 36 years
go any in the world is only Ryan GIggs who started the premiership frm 92-till date followed by Alan shearer frm 95 till date.
I think the reason much is made of The Strokes is that they are an "authentic" rock and roll band.  When their first album came out in '99 - '00 the airwaves were saturated with the likes of boy and girl singers, who were just not rock and roll by any stretch.  I think the Strokes represented a true alternative to that.  Kind of like when Nirvana came and blew away the hair metal bands.  I think The Strokes did a similar thing (though by no means are they at Nirvana's level).\n\nAnyhow, I think they are stil taken seriously because their music is rock 'n' roll.  It's edgy.  And they are a really good live act.  Of course this is all my opinion.  But if you listen to their albums, you can judge for yourself.
Some states vary..     http://legisweb.state.wy.us/statutes/titles/title01/c21a12.htm
JUST LOOK AT THIER BODY STRUCTURES, THEY ARE PHYSICALLY UNABLE TO GET INTO MULTIPLE POSITIONS FOR DEEP PENETRATION, SO I IMAGINE THEY ARE LONG FOR REASON
"The Way"  \n\nWould be walk in and drive through.\n\nWould serve fresh fruit, yougurt, healthy breads and fresh veggie and fruit juices in the mornings, in the afternoon it would offer an array of veggies, good carbs, healthy oils and fresh protiens (soy, fish, chicken, buffallo, beef...) and to up the ante for dinner, I would add dine-in multi course meals as oppossed to the traditional 'food on a tray', comprised of the same high quality fresh food.  It wouldn't either cater to Carnivores, Vegetarians or Vegans in particular.... simply offer the convenience of quality food for those that haven't the time to prepare it themselves.  \n\nAnd yes, I do think there is a market out there, even though the costs may be more than some are willing to pay.
As Joseph Campbell used to say "follow your bliss".\n\nLife is about trying out things you are interested in, finding out whether you like it or not.  As it says on the shampoo bottle "rinse and repeat".\n\nBut key to this is the doing.  The thinking about it is good too.  But the doing is better.
1. Open Outlook Express.\n2. Click Tools.\n3. Click Accounts.\n4. Select the Mail tab.\n5. Select the Yahoo account.\n6. Click Remove.
Here is one in Kawasaki\n\nhttp://www.mishima-ganka.com/etop.htm
its great. i live here and love it. it is very warm. 80f today. and perfect for the beach. there is alot of development and building. and traffic is horrible. lots of shopping and crazy things, indoor ski slope, 7 star hotel, 5 malls, its all very new unlike oman or yemen which have more history. somewhat shallow and the muslim religion controls it to some extent. not as much as other countires. but it is quite conservative by western standards.
As far as I know... There isn't any.\n\nBut you should be able to create a batch file with the programs you want to execute within it and run the batch file on startup.
Yup.  They're playing Charlotte on Feb 25.  NHRA will be in Phoenix Feb 24-26th.
If you're talking about food, just throw them to the garbage bin.\nIf you're talking about web browsers, expired cookies are supposed to be deleted automatically. If that doesn't happen, you can delete them manually, but the procedure depends on which browser you are talking about.
Play video games. Call a friend on the phone and chat. Chat online. Read a book. Watch a movie. Do your homework (I'm assuming your still in school). Write a letter to a friend or pen-pal. Ask and answer questions here. Draw pictures. Build model cars. Put together a jigsaw puzzle. Study quantum physics. Learn a second language. And hundreds of other things. Use your imagination.
Of course he did. Do you think Mr Ed would have been talking to him if he didn't put out?
And, what is supposed to be on this CD, dude?
Torchlight, delight, plight, slight, blight, etc, etc.
There are two companies called ALDI.\n try  http://www.aldi.com/ where you will find links to all countries where ALDI has its operations.\nThe two ALBRECHT brothers have split up the world in two parts! \nALDI NORD (north) operates e.g. in FRANCE, SPAIN, NETHERLANDS, etc.\nand in the north of Germany\nALDI SUED (south) operates in the USA, UK, Australia, Switzerland, etc. and in the south of Germany.\n\nSo there are TWO HEAD OFFICES!\n\nALDI SUED / SOUTH:\n\nALDI Einkauf GmbH & Co. oHG\nBurgstraße 37\n45476 Mülheim\n\nALDI NORD / NORTH:\n\nAldi Einkauf GmbH & Co. OHG\nEckenbergstraße 16, 45307 Essen\nTel.: 0201 / 8593-0\n\ncheers!
come on here & feed your addiction
You first in some way need to let the girl know that your interested in her. Try being just a little outspoken. No one wants to talk to someone that has nothing to talk about, so you might need to come out of your shell a bit. If she knows your interested in her she will show it in some way or form. Do some nice things for her. After that, if she pays you no attention she probably just is not interested.
During the American Revolution, John Paul Jones was an officer aboard the USS Alfred in 1776.  The USS Alfred was part of 6-vessel fleet that attacked English merchant vessels in New Providence.  Jones raised the first American flag over a U.S. Naval vessel aboard the Alfred.\n\nHis first command was the frigate USS Providence. Over a period of six weeks, his ship captured 16 enemy vessels along the coast of Nova Scotia.\n\nIn November of 1776, he proposed a mission plan to destroy the British coal fleet and free American prisoners held at Isle Royal.  He was assigned command of the USS Alfred and successfully completed this mission, including the capture of a British ship carrying winter clothing for British troops in Canada.  This is believed to have contributed to the success of the Continental Army at Trenton by providing them with fresh winter clothes.\n\nIn June of 1777, he was given command of the USS Ranger and was sent to France to help Benjamin Franklin and the American contingent there with strategic recommendations.  After France signed a treaty with America in 1778, the USS Ranger sailed for England and captured the British naval ship, HMS Drake.\n\nIn 1779, he assumed command of the USS Bonhomme Richard.  A five ship squadron, including the Bonhomme Richard, attacked a British merchant convoy off the coast of Yorkshire.  A pair of British vessels attacked the American squadron.  Two of the vessels fled while the Bonhomme Richard and two other naval ships attacked the British warships.  The HMS Serapis severely damaged the Bonhomme Richard, shooting off her flag during the attack.  The British commander, asked if Jones had struck his colors in surrender.  In response, Jones issued his famous quotation, "I have not yet begun to fight."  He then rammed his sinking ship into the Serapis, tied up to it, boarded and captured the ship.
'Where is the love' from black eyed peas
Which came first - the chicken or the egg? \n\n"The chicken" came first - in the sentence of the question. \n\nIf the question is phrased differently, the answer is different
Bring them back to where you got them and exchange them with another deck.
Yes I like both
Just thinking about a green potty makes me sick.  I don’t like green very much anyway.  A blue one would be better.
By calling Christ of the Hills Methodist Church, probably.
Here's a few that I've used before:\n\nhttp://www.rtbwizards.com/new/free.asp\n\nhttp://www.templates4free.com/frontpage1.htm
OMG HELL YES! IM A HOTTIE WITH A BODY> AND OOO SO SEXI> AND GOSH DO U KNOW IT> PAHAHAH LYL
You are a wise, caring sister.  YES, he WILL do it again!  Here in my state, you can still press charges.  There is no time limit.  Go to the Department of Social Services and tell them you want to report sexual abuse (it would be better if your sister did this).  Don't be afraid to go, and STOP taking Mom's advice (shame on her for making you girls keep quiet about it).  They may not be able to convict him now, but at least people will know what he did, and others will beware of him.  Now, don't be afraid.  I will be praying for you and your sister to stand strong.
Johnny Depp esp. as Captain Jack Sparrow : ), Anthony Hopkins, Robert Deniro, Jodie Foster, Tom Hanks, Julia Roberts, Sandra Bullock and Drew Berrymore.
hello again.  thank you for choosing my previous answer as 'best answer'.  so sorry to hear you are still having problems.\n\ni, too would recommend replacing the cyan printhead.  it should run no more than $34.  Item number is HP c4921a.  Some printer units out there usually do not print ANYTHING if there carts/printheads are bad.  but they usually refuse to move at all.\nto replace the machine with the updated one would run you about $200.- $250.  so you need 2 decide if you want 2 put more in2 this 1, or scrap the idea and get a new 1.  i'd hate to see you be only $34 away from having the printer work flawlessly, and on the other hand, you don't want 2 nickle and dime you in2 the $200. price where you could have gotten a brand new one.\ndouble check with HP, i think they can be a great asset.  i think they also have a buy back program, where they will buy your old machine back.  they only give $50, but i'm not sure if this is limited to handheld units or not.\ngood luck - have fun!! - hope this helps.
Nice team but not great team \ni agree.
Because he is too short to reach the 25th floor button.
go to www.bored.com lots of fun things to do there \n::EDIT::\nsorry the link doesnt work just type it in
Depends on your provider...aol will let you access just by using a browser & going to aol.com on their computer,  Then put in your id & password to check.\n\nSBC/Yahoo does the samething..just go to Yahoo mail & enter your e-mail address & password.\n\nHope that helps!
nerds are classified as doofy people and very intelligent people. don't feel offended. i graduated with my BA degree in office tech. i was a perfect a student. now my future is looking great. don't feel bad, just remember to do well in school and it will pay off in the future.
Good answer above. Why didn't you award the 10 points?
Could you please rephrase the question IN ENGLISH?
Usually, when your finger quickly goes against the edge of a paper (which is thicker than a razor blade) you get a paper cut. I used to get them a lot in gradeschool since I reached into my desk, sliding my fingers alongside workbooks to identifiy which subject they were, ending up in multiple paper cuts.\nGiving yourself a paper cut is possible, run your finger very quickly along the edge of printing paper. I have stupid cousins who have tried it.
Theres this book that could help--the tao of pooh\nIt anylizes taoism using the winnie the pooh characters.
Have a Bluetooth module with RS232 (Serial Port Profile) on the robot and use a regular USB dongle on the pc to communicate just like any wired RS232. Checkout sparkfun.com for soem interesting bluetooth modules.
it's actually a new type of sun-tanning lotion, still in the experimental stages, AP= Added protection, it protects 1.3X better than 15 SPF sunblock... very simple, all u have to do is drop down one decimal, and multiply times 15
Re-melting rock to join hot magma is little more mysterious than melting ice.  It takes energy to melt ice or rock.  If the constituents of the unspecified rock react chemically the question would be whether the specific reaction is endothermic (using energy) or exothermic (giving off energy).
Read this page from Apple Support, http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?artnum=301520\n\nThe rest assumes you are using Windows XP:\n\nI would also say to make sure it is not being blocked by a Firewall, if you are just using the SP2 firewall go to Start > Control Panel > Security Center and click on the Firewall, go to the exceptions tab and make sure that iTunes is in the list, if not click Add Program and add it, if it is already in the list make sure it is checked, then click OK.\n\nIf you are on a wireless connection, right click the connection in your active tasks area (on the task bar) and click repair, that might solve your problem as well.
They are set so as to try to create equal amount of money bet on each side.  This allows the casino to collect the most.  The line is not set in order to try directly to predict the outcome of the game.
You have to rip the file from the CD (using Windows Media Player, etc.). While ripping, you have to convert them to MP3 files (it is avaliable in Windows Media Player to choose the file format). If you want to post it on your blog, there's no need to be MP3 file. It could be WMA, etc.
Yes
how in the heck did you get that picture of my mother in law
Just wait it out - she is most likely doing it only in situations where she needs to feel 'more comforted' - perhaps you can address while she feels like that.\n\nIt's also very commonly used as a sleep aid at that age - if she's only doing it when going to sleep - I still would not worry about it at this age. Let them grow up on their own terms as much as you can.\n\nPeople are 'forcing' the development of their children ever earlier and earlier these days - it's sad to see.
We'd have to know the specific sterotype to be able to reccommend a book to use for class discussion.
Try blue paper tape. Scotch makes construction tape that is wide and blue, shouldn't be seethrough.
If the guy likes you he'll go out of his way to be around you and talk to you.
tv guide is a good place for tv listings for any channel.  You just have to pick your provider and type in your area code to get the listings for your area.
You can post your query on this new global information exchange or go through their Business Card database to find what you are looking for.
Well... That one is easy the hurricanes that hit places can have major effects! Take into consideration Hurricane Katrina what effects that had on where it hit! Hurricanes can have from minor effects such as a lot of wind that does some damage to houses and places, mild damage such as winds getting stronger and knocking over houses without any deaths of people, and then they can get bad which there are few deaths and completly destroyed houses, and then there is catastrophic such as Katrina in which litterly flood, have deaths, destroy everything in its path, and much more! Just remember that Katrina almost completly knocked off that part of the USA!
Uh, no, Ashlee Simpson has not been featured on Gilmore Girls before.\nThat depends which "La La" song you are meaning, there are 4, all of which are on the Gilmore Girls Soundtrack. The songs that go "La La" are called Waltz #1, Getting Married, Maybe Next Week, and Rory and Lane. Each has a different beat and rhythm, but all our performed by Sam Phillips.
It appears that the question period has expired.  If you have received an answer that meets your needs, please choose one of those as a 'best answer.'  If you haven't received a good answer for your question, you may want to consider the following,\n\n1) Re-post your question.  Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo! Answers than old ones.\n2) If you do re-post your question, consider why it wasn't answered the first time.  Could it be more specific?  Could it be worded better? Were there grammatical or spelling errors? Was it in the best category?\n\nIf it doesn't seem likely that re-posting your question will help you, then here's a listing of my favorite 'answer sites'.  Maybe one of them will help you.\n\nAnswers.com http://www.answers.com/\nBartleby http://www.bartleby.com/\nYahoo Reference http://education.yahoo.com/reference/\nHowStuffWorks http://www.howstuffworks.com/\nWikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page\n\nSince I really haven't answered your question, it is not necessary to give me any points.  Regards.
you would need to provide the density of the sand in question to be able to answer this question.
Texas:  268,820 square miles\nFrance: 211,208 square miles\nTexas, therefore, is ~27.3% larger than France in terms of square miles.
Dumbfuck?\n\nIt certainly isn't a word of more than two syllables.
There's actually a really good way that doesn't require any software:\nIf you're that concerned about your kids, put the computer in a public place, and watch them while they're online.
No, if you check on a height and weight chart it will tell you that you are in a normal range for your age.
I watched the game. Unfortunately, a playoff caliber team can't expect to go very far with 5 turnovers. I think the dynasty is over.
Yes.  My exhusband and I were driving from Louisiana to Wisconsin.  We were on I-57 at night.  We were both prior military so we know what aircraft looks like.  Anyways, there was a vessile of some sort about 3-5 miles up parallelling us for about 20 miles or so.  No blinking lights but there was a light that we couldnt explain.  After about 20 miles, it was gone suddenly.  The sky was crystal clear and there were no airports around at all so we know it wasnt a plane.  Sure kept us awake the rest of the night.
This really works! LOL!\n\nPut a pencil in your mouth horizontally. Keep it there by biting down on it. While you are doing this, take a drink of water, being careful not to lose the pencil. (My brother told me this and I thought he was nuts!) Believe me, it works! I get hiccups all of the time.
i personally would like to have a baby and a family or start one at the age of 30. i know a lady that is pregnant now and she is 45! i guess it depends on what you are comfortable with. enjoy life while you can..don't rush just because you feel like its the acceptable thing to do.
It's Swedish.  The definition depends on the sentence in which it appears.  \nTranslation of: underhöll \nmaintain, keep up \n\nExamples\nhuset är väl underhållet---the house is well-maintained. (in good repair) \n\nEnglish translation\namuse, entertain \n\nExamples\nhan underhöll sina syskon med cirkuskonster---he entertained his brothers and sisters with circus tricks.
Tell them what position you are applying for, tell them why you are interested in it, explain what you can bring to the job, point out that with their experience and your talents you feel it could be a win win situation for both of you , and then thank them. Good luck.
To be honest, your gonna have to be real with yourself. Only you know why you love the both of them. Don't leave one if you feel that your heart is with the one your leaving. You were with him for 11 years, it really doesn't matter if it was off and on it obviously had a meaning to it b/c you still love him after all of that time spent together. You need to sit back alone and figure out what both of them bring to the table. Think about everything that the guy you were with for 11 yrs. gave you. Remember nothin powers over understanding and happiness. If he doesn't make you happy inside & out and show you that he actually understands you regaurdless of the situation btwn you 2. Then maybe you were supposed to fall for the next guy, think about why you both were together for 11yrs. and you are just now thinking of marraige. Where there problems, issues, anything that stopped the both of you from growing. Only you know the answer to those questions. Just remember that your destined to be happy and explore a new and exciting life when you actually get married to someone. Make sure that whoever you choose deserves to share that happiness with you. Good Luck!!! I really hope that you get through this, but I think you will!!!\n\nEmail me at sweetfantasie85@yahoo.com (when you do make your decision)or just to talk EVERYONE needs a friend...... I'd love to know what happened anyway. Good Luck Again!!!!!!
You can purchase one from yankeecandle.com
Cory Bold \n \nCory BoldCory LaRon Bold (Born in Louisiana on October 24, 1988) is a young hip hop and R&B record producer that is on the rise. It is not hard to tell a Cory Bold track because of his signature "This is a Cory Bold Exclusive" tag that is in most of his productions. But even when he is not using his tag, you can easily tell a Cory Bold track because of his raging synths (Omarion - "Take It Off), thick drums and horns (Marques Houston ft. Rara & Dame Four - "I Like It"), smooth melodies (Marques Houston ft. Mike Jones - Naked Remix), soulful samples (Omarion “I’m Tryna” Part II The Remix ft. Bow Wow) and more.More is on the way from Cory Bold in the near future.\n\n\n\n\n\nDiscography\n\n2005 :\n\nOmarion\n\n"Take It Off" \n"I'm Tryna" (Part II The Remix) Featuring Bow Wow \n\n\n\nMarques Houston\n\n“12 O’Clock” Featuring Joe Budden \n“I Like It” Featuring RaRa and Dame Four \n“The Jump Off” Featuring The Ying Yang Twins \n“Naked” (Remix) Featuring Mike Jones \n\n\n\nDame Four\n\n“How We Roll” \n\n\n\nYoung Rome\n\n“For Your Love” Featuring Marques Houston
as much wood as a woodchuck could chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood!!
First thing I usually notice is a guy's eyes then immediately after would be his smile. Clothes or shoes, unless it's something really extreme (extremely dirty, flashy and bright, etc) I usually don't take much notice to. As of hands, I would eventually notice them, but not till after I've talked to him for a bit.
Join World Financial Group, call your local WFG office and go visit them.
properties
Microwaves are waves that are part of the electromagnetical spectrum.  The measured distance from tip to tip of the crest of the waves is what makes it considered a 'micro' wave.\n\nMicrowaves are a shorter wavelength than the electromagnetic waves that carry radio signals, but longer than those waves that our eyes can detect in the 'visible' spectrum.\n\nNASA has a very good explanation of them at the Web site below:
http://sbi.jus.state.nc.us/sor/\nNorth Carolina Sex Offenders & Public Protection Registry
-20.7 C or - 5.2 F\n\nFormula for calculating freezing point of alcohol can be found at http://www.newton.dep.anl.gov/askasci/chem00/chem00924.htm
People who are 65 years of age or older. \nPeople two years of age or older who have a chronic illness such as cardiovascular or pulmonary (lung) diseases, sickle cell disease, diabetes, alcoholism, chronic liver diseases, or cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) leaks. \nPeople with a weakened immune system due to illnesses such as HIV infection, AIDS, chronic renal failure, organ transplantation, Hodgkin's disease, lymphoma, multiple myeloma, and those who have had their spleen removed or whose spleen is dysfunctional due to an illness such as sickle cell disease. \nPersons in environments or settings with increased risk of pneumococcal disease, such as nursing homes or other long-term care facilities or certain Native American or Alaska Native populations.
Sardar Ataullah Mengal is a well known political figure of Pakistan hailing form Balochistan.  He has been campaigning nationalist and separatist movement in Pakistan for a long time. He is also the Chief of his Mengal tribe. He was Chief Minister of Balochistan during Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto's Premiership from May 1 1972 to February 13 1973.\n\nImmediately after the separation of Bangladesh in 1971, large sections of the Balochi tribals led by Khair Bux Marri, the leader of the Marri tribe, and Sardar Ataullah Khan Mengal, the leader of the Mengal tribe, rose in revolt against the Punjabi domination of Pakistan and demanded the creation of an independent Balochistan consisting of the Balochi-inhabited areas of Pakistan and Iran.\n\nIn answer to your question regarding the Rind tribe, a number of tribes constitute to the people of Balochistan. The three major tribes are Baloch, Pashtun and Brahui.\n\nThe Baloch speaking tribes include Rind, Lasher, Marri, Jamot, Ahmedzai, Bugti Domki, Magsi, Khosa, Rakhashani, Dashti, Umrani, Nosherwani, Gichki, Buledi, Sanjarani and Khidai.
http://www.jimmyr.com/searchhistory.php
It would seem to be the case.  Wikipedia says that Nitrites react to form nitrosamines, which are carcinogens.  Also, the second link I give lists some really gruesome descriptions of what happens when you're exposed to nitrites (search for "Summary of clinical effects").  I don't know how soluble calcium nitrite is, but from what little chemistry I remember, calcium dissociates from compounds fairly easily.  So regardless of whether calcium nitrite would specifically kill you, it would probably dissociate into calcium and nitrite and the nitrite would kill you.\n\nMy mother (a biochemist) always says, "The poison is in the dose."  In other words, anything is poisonous to you if you consume it in large enough quantities-- even water!  (And no, I'm not talking about drowning.)
What about.com has to say about it:\nhttp://gonyc.about.com/cs/atozinde1/a/bigapple.htm
All I have to say about that is the way to get a man to NOT love you is to look for a "weakness" to exploit.  Just be yourself.
You are in a delima aren't you?  Well if it was me, and I was happier in Kentucky then I would stay there for a while and then if things didn't work out I would leave and go back to Colorado.
Pre-made contracts/agreements are very complicated documents. If you don't know EXACTLY what that document says, you can still get shafted like you didn't have a contract in the first place. \n\nYou should do two things: 1) type a common sense letter that details how much was borrowed, the date the loan must be repaid, etc. and have the borrower sign and date it.  You keep the original. A copy can be given to the other guy.\n\nThen 2) DO NOT make the loan in cash. It should be a check. You should indicate that it's a loan on the memo line (something like "Loan to Jack to be pd 8/1/06"), and you need to keep the cancelled check in a safe place.\n\nSince it sounds like you want the option of taking legal action, find out what the maximum amount is for small-claims court in the city/county where you live and where the other guy lives.  If small-claims court will only accept cases for $5,000 and under -- don't lend more than that.\n\nThat way if you have to go to court, you can do it on your own in small claims court instead of hiring a lawyer.\n\nAnd I think it goes without saying... but don't accept cash or personal checks as payment. Get it in money order or cashier's check.
OUR CURRENT BUSH CASH AND CARRY GOVERNMENT.\n\ntreason against the US is punishble by death. bush and rumsfield...your asses are toast!\n\nDoes any of you flippin mainstream retards remember this....ummm, it's in the declaration of independance.\n\nWe hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.--That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, --That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.
press ALT V + C and look into source if the page itself is not blank :)
what kind of a dumb question is that all u got to do is get double digit stats in 3 diferent categories besids the bad stats like turnovers or shots missed
well the best way to begin this poem is to write a few lines down, then split the lines to equal syllables and then try to rhyme the end syllable.\n\nThe easiest way to get rhyming words is using the web link that follows:
Send a Thank you note to the individual that interviewed you right away.  It will take a couple of days to get to them and will refresh their memory.  Next time at the interview also ask if you can call in a week to discuss the status of the position.
It appears that the question period has expired. If you have received an answer that meets your needs, please choose a 'best answer.'\nRegards.
There was some violence in the southern part of sydney that involved specific demographics and parts of our community.\n\ndetails at \n\nhttp://www.smh.com.au/news/national/mob-violence-envelops-cronulla/2005/12/11/1134235936223.html\n\nEveryone in Sydney was shocked and disgusted at the whole event, as we all feel that we leave in a violence-free community. Hope this sheds some light
http://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/biography/sharon.html
Everyone is still in the group except for Michael McCary (deep voice dude). He had back problems, so he had to quit and now he owns his own restaurant.
tell him what is going on...all the mundane, boring details! Instead of saying "not much" say that you just got slammed with a huge project at work, or that your mom keeps picking fights with you, or that your neighbors got a dog that barks till all hours of the night...if he senses that you are being open with the little details like that, then he'll be more likely to believe you when you say that nothing much is new (romantically, i assume?).
Draw a diagonal. You will get two triangles. The sum of the 3 angles in a triangle equals 180 degree. Therefore the sum of angles of two triangles or a quadrilaterl is 360 degrees. :-)
HELL YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Census does not ask about religion, because it is prohibited by law, so there is no information on so detailed a level. However, the Statistical Abstract of the United States has a table of populations that self-report as Jewish in each state. The latest data says 620,000 in Florida. Assuming Gainesville has an average percentage of Jewish community, that would mean that there are roughly 3,700 Jews in Gainesville.
yea but im tryin to learn my lesson since the vioces in my head have less of a brain then me and cause a whole lot of drama
TOEFL stands for Test of English as a Foreign Language.  Below is a link to their site so that you can figure out when/where you can take it.  Each school's TOEFL score requirements will vary.  There are many books out there about getting into US colleges - I'm sure at least some of those would have additional information regarding admissions of foreign students.  Good luck!
THE SON OF GOD
It's used for estimating fuel costs.\n\nEach town has an average number of heating degree days for the winter and average number of cooling degree days for the summer.\n\nWith those averages, you can calculate how long the air conditioner or heater will run for the year and then calculate the fuel costs.\n\n\n\nYou can calculate it from the average temperature each day.\n\nExample:\nAverage temperature for Jan. 1 is 30°F.\n65°F - 30°F = 35°F\n\nJan 1 is one day, so 35° difference * 1 day = 35 heating degree days\n\n\nAverage temperature for Jan. 2 is 35°F.\n65°F - 35°F = 30°F\n\nJan 2 is one day, so 30° difference * 1 day = 30 heating degree days\n\nYou do this for every of the year and add it up.\n\nJan 1 = 35 heating degree days\nJan 2 = 30 heating degree days\nJan 3 = \nJan 4 = \n\nAdd it all up and you get the number of heating degree days for the winter.
No, the Torah (part of the Old Testament) begins with "In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth". "Hear, O Israel" is the beginning of a prayer ("Sh'ma Israel").
i think you should get a plane ticket and go see him!!! i've had a bunch of long distance relationships, and it was hard not  to see them, if you guys love eachother after two years...then save up and go for it!
Shared Hosting is ideal if:\nYou want your site online within 24 hours!\nYou have little or no technical experience\nWant low cost hosting solutions
What you and your boyfriend shared was obviously something very special and to his family and friends you are basically the link to his last few moments.\n\nSince he loved you so much I am sure that he would want you to go on and live your life and be happy. You can't live in the past and you certainly can't let other people decide the path your life will take. You need the relationship and bonding that only a significant other person can offer.\n\nYou may want to sit down and talk with those who feel that you are betraying them or him and be open and honest about your feelings. Don't let them stop you from discovering all that life has in store for you! My prayers are with you.
Visit my website for email finding resources. \na link to my site is provided below. Scroll down to the \n"Email and People Search" heading and the link is there. \nSearch is free. \nGood Luck! \n\n\nVisit:\n\nThe place to find old class yearbooks - ourclassreunion.com.\n\n\nhttp://www.ourclassreunion.com/resources.html
Hi Paladin, the reason is that her Username gets automatically signed in, each time you start the messenger. The username and password are stored on your computer and 'Automatically Sign In' option is enabled. Do the following to remove it:\n\n(1) Start Yahoo Messenger\n(2) Press Control D (Both simultaneously). Alternately,  go to messenger menu and then press Sign Out option.\n\nMission Achieved! Now Sign in using your username and password. Hope this answers your query!
You have enough info on the check to make their life miserable. Just think revenge.
I think you need to stay out of it, and let the dad handle it.  If there is serious neglect going on than he needs to take the proper steps in order to get full custody of the child.\nThere is nothing that you can do, other than just support your guy on your end.  Anything that you say to the mom will go in one ear and out the other, and whatever you do, never say anything bad about her in front of the child.
It's both a societal and ego thing.  They are afraid of being percieved as gay then they wonder if they aren't 'macho' enough if they are being hit on by another guy.  Once society stops stigmatizing homosexuality and gains a bit more acceptance about this alot of it will fall by the wayside.\n\nThe flip side is, however, women don't seem to have the same problem as a majority.
That depends on the jurisdiction. In general terms, a third degree misdemeanor is one of the least serious criminal charges. There are likely many different third degree misdemeanors in whatever jurisdiction you are talking about, but they all have the same sentencing requirements.
depends on what will make you happier. If money is what makes you happy go for dentistry. I know a ton of broke arsed musicians, but dentists make a ton of money and are in high demand. (ever wonder why you have to wait weeks for a dental appt.)
If you have a checking accout you can set up an automatic withdrawl to have money put into your savings account.  It can be done on a weekly, biweekly or monthly basis. This helps me save.
Get a sheet of paper and list things that you would like to do and acomplish them (start out simple). Take some time to do something nice for someone. It feels good. List your good qualities- I'm sure you have many. Most people tend to look at what they don't like about themselves and ignore the wonderful qualities that make them THEM! I think the older a person gets the easier it is. If your in certain age groups no one has good self esteem, even those who seem to have it. Some people who are popular and seek attention and friends have the worst self asteem and waste so much energy trying to prove themselves. If there are some qualities that you don't like, change them. If your self esteem is based on looks alone (don't know what you look like) accentuate the positive about yourself!
TRY AMAZON.COM
There are some very good articles concerning your questions. Check out these sites:\n\nhttp://www.healingwell.com/library/depression/aitken2.asp\nhttp://www.psychologytoday.com/articles/PTO-20030723-000001.html\nhttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?cmd=Retrieve&db=PubMed&list_uids=7932064&dopt=Abstract\n\nand many, many more.
By Euler's Identity:\n\ne ^ (i * pi) = -1\n\nTaking the square root of both sides:\n\ne ^ (i * pi / 2) = i\n\nTaking the i'th root of both sides:\n\ne ^ (pi/2) = i ^ (1/i)\n\nI fear that one or more of the steps isn't valid, but my answer is:\n\ne ^ (pi/2)
I think, you can probably do it by using remote desktop (no third party software involved, it's part of Windows Utility). Although I dont know details of how you can do it, I am sure you will find plenty of ways to do it on forums. Try eng-tips forum or search in google groups. I have had a good experience with these in past.\n\nHope it helps!
Unfortunately, you can't become a smart student without doing those things.  You can use workarounds like Cliff's Notes for some things, but in the end you are going to have either discipline yourself to do the required hard work or you will not attain your goal.
Maybe godshew is an extreme genius and so close to God that he is so far beyond your level of knowledge and spirituality that you cannot understand him. And then again maybe not. Just a thought.
There should be no reason why you can't send messages. \n\nI think you should write to the rediff help team and ask them why this is happening. \n\nI would suggest trying a few more times though.\n\nAll the best!
Cover it with make-up.
TOW IT, YES, DRIVE IT NO!
St. George Ulm\nBeethovenstr. 1\n89073 Ulm\n\nYou could try writing to this church to see if they have any records.
It's The End of the World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine) by R.E.M. from Document released in 1999.
they aren't complicated at all... self centered is the proper terminology
Susan Sarandon - She is a Jersey Girl and she is not afraid to speak her mind or her beliefs in public even when she and her common law husband were banned from the Oscars one yr.\n\nRobert De Niro - A True Blue New Yorker never has turned his back on his community and Does not play by Hollywood Rules or Standards.
Go to avatar page, click on extras on top tabs, then choose holiday and events sub-tab pick your holiday and have fun!
1) Do not sleep on the back.\n2) Do not eat or drink directly before going to bed.\n3) Do not eat foods rich in fat or salt.\n4) Avoid alcohol.\n5) Loosing weight\n\nGood luck. :)
A girl. First to be the opposition and secondly, I dont think I boy would waste his time asking :p
Did you try E-bay?
According to Guinness World Records is tokyo,Japan.\nAnd the cheapiest city is Teheran,Iran
If it is a passport of another nation (i.e. not the country you found it in) then contact that nations embassy and they will instruct you. If it belongs to a resident of the country you are in then the police would be fine.
Feb,14 duh
Microeconomics (literally, very small economics) is the study of the economic behaviour of individual consumers, firms, and industries and the distribution of production and income among them. It considers individuals both as suppliers of labour and capital and as the ultimate consumers of the final product. It analyzes firms both as suppliers of products and as consumers of labour and capital.\n\nMicroeconomics seeks to analyze the market form or other types of mechanisms that establish relative prices amongst goods and services and/or allocates society's resources amongst their many alternative uses.\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Micro-economics
I was in a warehouse (similar to one in an old scooby doo cartoon, the one where scooby is on a conveyor belt in a cardboard box;") anyway
Because they are limp as noodles.
Bless you for even asking.\n\nCan you do it?  Perhaps.  You have no felony convictions, so you are not automatically prohibited from a number of positions.  \n\nCrime scene analysis?  Probably not.  You're talking about working for a law enforcement agency, and I would think the chances of working for a agency while you're on probation are about slim and none.\n\nPreventing crimes against children?  Very possible, though probably not within the criminal justice arena.  Many private organizations do things like this, and you are uniquely qualified for a position in this field.  \n\nHuman trafficking?  Again, probably not within the criminal justice arena.\n\nWant to help out?  It's always possible.  Probably not as an employee, though...certainly not while on probation.\n\nWe can talk more, if you'd like...drop me a note at my user name at yahoo.com.  \n\nSeriously...bless you for wanting to do something.  I especially would like to see you get involved in preventing crimes against children, and you can certainly involve yourself in that field without having to work with or for a law enforcement agency.  \n\nWonderful drug that meth is, huh?  Sounds like it made a mess of your life...it would truly be wonderful if you can find a place in the world where you could help make things better.\n\nGood luck...write if you think I can offer more.
They were being taxed but didn't have any say in how they were being ruled. Taxation without representation.\n\nIt's all about money
Good question.\n\nPunalu'u Black Sand Beach is a beach near Naalehu, Hawaii on the Big Island of Hawaii that has black sand created by volcanic activity. The volcanic activity is now in Hawaii Volcanoes National Park. Taking black sand is prohibited, but local tradition says that if any of the black sand from Punalu'u beach is taken away from Hawaii that the person that took it will be cursed until it is returned. The same is said about the local volcanic rocks.\n\nHonokalani Black Sand Beach is located in the Wainapanapa State Park. This large beach is set among lava cliffs and the sand is actually small, smooth, lava pebbles. A small sea arch, sea caves, and seaside lava tubes are located in the beach area. King's Highway, an ancient Hawaiian footpath, leads from the beach area along the coastline for 3 miles to the town of Hana. \n\n\nPlease use the links below and check out the amazing information, \n\nI have attached \nlinks to encyclopedia references\nlinks to a pictures and description of a black sand beach,\nlinks to a pictures of the source of the black sand (lava).
dodge all the way.chrysler makes a 4.7L hemi that i soooo want to put into my jeep
Most scanners today are variations of the desktop (or flatbed) scanner. Hand-held scanners, where the device is moved by hand, were briefly popular but are now not used due to the difficulty of obtaining a high-quality image. Both these types of scanners use a charge-coupled device (CCD) as the image sensor, whereas a drum scanner uses a photomultiplier tube as the image sensor.\n\nOther types of scanners are planetary scanners, which take photographs of books and documents, and laser range scanners, for producing three-dimensional models of objects.\n\nDrum scanners:\n--------------\nDrum scanners, the oldest scanning technology, have a scanning photomultiplier tube, which moves back and forth along a single axis. The image to be scanned is soaked in oil, then wrapped around the drum; this process is known as dry mounting. The drum then rotates in front of the photomultiplier tube. The use of drum scanners has declined significantly as flatbed scanners based on charge-coupled devices have dropped in price;" however
i think a lot and i have an opinion\n\nthere are places that can assist a woman to get an abortion free.\nwhat we need are groups to help women safely use this right without molestation from rabid fanatical anti-rights people.\n \n\nwhen i went to my GYN practicioner's office for a check up i was accosted by protesters.\nthey were trying to stop me from having an abortion.\nthey actually bloccked my path and physically restrained me.\nthese people did not know me.\ni was not pregnant.\n\nbut i told them to let go of me.\ni told them i would get a abortion just to piss them off even though i was not pregnant.\nthen i called the police and had the ones who touched me arressted for physical assault, harassment, unlawfull imprisonment and bad fashion.\nanyone puts their hands on me or tries to impose their worhtless beliefs on me better be prepared to face the consequences.\nimposing your will, viewpoint, or bielf on another person is RAPE.\nforcing your ideas on a person is RAPE.\nmaking people do what you want them to do based on your belief system is RAPE.\ntell those rapists to leave me alone.\ntell those murderers (yeah, the anti-abortionists are murderers in my book) to stop RAPING women's rights.\ni tell them to take a long walk off a short pier.\n\nthank you for allowing me to type my opinion.\nnave a nice day.
The state you live in should have a Wage and Labor Department- you need to turn the company in to them. On a personal level, I would find a new job. The company is obviously not financially stable. Hope this helps :).
I have OCD, it is a real pain suffering from it! I have a problem with these unwanted ruminating thoughts that are hard to get rid of no matter how hard I try to get rid of them. I don't have a problem with rituals that much. I pray that the Lord will heal my mind once and for all from Obsessive Compulsive Compulsive Disorder and help me to get rid of the thoughts quicker.
If you do not want to attend meetings, you can join online at www.weightwatchers.com.  I have used the online tools before and I found them to be very helpful.
"There's an old saying in Tennessee — I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee — that says, fool me once, shame on — shame on you. Fool me — you can't get fooled again."
my best friend (female) and I have sex all the time, and I living with someone else (Girl friend)...best friend with benefits. Is it because he's just needs a release or is he really in love with you? Are you turned on and would want sex (not Love) with him? then go for it...
His daughter's name is Dara, the song is called "Should've Never Let You Go"
Here's a site with a bunch of them\n\nhttp://www.steelergridiron.com/fanzone/songs.html
ur friends u will eventually let go because u want the best for him its ok to feel something just continue down the road of life good luck
it is going to be ok i just took mine and it was slightly hard but f you study the night before it is not that bad,good luck
average of over $10,000 per K-12 student
its actually orange so that if a plane crashes or something they can find it easily.
NO , NO , NO !!! \nthis could be something minor , but please dont allow the doctors to send her home on this note !\n\nmy father had a similiar time before he pasted away from a massive heart attack !\nwe took him to the doctor and they said he was fine and sent him home , this was at 12 pm by 6pm , my daddy was gone .\ntake her back to the doctor and demand that they keep her til you know that shes ok .\nplease dont wait . go now \nin a split second you could loose her !
A couple years ago, I had a friend whom I hadn't seen in almost a year because he had developed a serious drug habit and I had a not quite one year old daughter to take care of, and was starting to get my own life together. One day I heard his name on the radio- he had been shot seven times in the back of his head and his body was found in a dumpster outside a recycling plant. I later found out from my daughter's father, who still saw my friend on a pretty regular basis, that two weeks before he was murdered, my friend had become a Christian. The reason he had been killed was because he was trying to get out of his old lifestyle and away from his old friends and start a new life following Christ. His former friends apparently thought he was really just trying to make an excuse to go and tell the police about them and their drug use, so they killed him. From the story I heard of what happened that night, the people who shot him had asked him to go somewhere with him, and he was scared to go because he knew they were up to something. But, despite the fact that he was afraid, I think he was ready to give up his life because he had accepted Jesus as his savior before he died. Chances are, although I can't say for sure, you will not be killed for your faith, but even if you are, you are already ready because of your faith.
The "real" magnetic north pole is the focus of the planet's magnetic field and is the point that traditional magnetic compasses point toward. You can't assume that the magnetic and geographic poles are the same point because...they're not!  The magnetic pole is located hundreds of miles south of the geographic North Pole  at approximately 82.7° North and 114.4° West (2005), and the exact location varies from moment to moment.
Stamford and Greenwich CT have tons of corporate headquarters, similiarly, Hartford has a load of insurance related companies.\n\nAlso some non-Fortune 500 like PANAMSAT are in CT.
It is, if accompanied by abdominal swelling, frequent nausea, and breast pain.
No I don't think so! It is not right in Gods eyes!
False
It appears that the question period has expired.  If you have received an answer that meets your needs, please choose one of those as a 'best answer.'  If you haven't received a good answer for your question, you may want to consider the following,\n\n1) Re-post your question.  Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo! Answers than old ones.\n2) If you do re-post your question, consider why it wasn't answered the first time.  Could it be more specific?  Could it be worded better? Were there grammatical or spelling errors? Was it in the best category?\n\nIf it doesn't seem likely that re-posting your question will help you, then here's a listing of my favorite 'answer sites'.  Maybe one of them will help you.\n\nAnswers.com http://www.answers.com/\nBartleby http://www.bartleby.com/\nYahoo Reference http://education.yahoo.com/reference/\nHowStuffWorks http://www.howstuffworks.com/\nWikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page\n\nSince I really haven't answered your question, it is not necessary to give me any points.  Regards.
If you need a hardware decoder, you will have to purchase a new one.\nSoftware decoders are found within many DVD software programs such as PowerDVD from Cyberlink.
Yes, they're just so few , we rarely meet one
Amazing. Sigh.
Some say that using honey, especially from your own locale, will help avoid or lessen alergies.  Read the bottle and do not give honey too infants under one year, they do not have mature immune systems to the botulism that may be present.\n\nMy wife swears that a 50/50 mix of honey with ACV (apple cider vinegar) helps prevent her leg cramps and has other beneficial effects.  Heat the ACV first and it will mix much easier with the honey perhaps in a half empty plastic honey bottle (leave air space until mixed).  Then take perhaps three teaspoons per day with apple cider (or any fruit juice).\n\nSugur and honey probably sweeten equally, but honey may have a plus.
Definetly do not delay seeing a DR. In the meantime don't stres yourself and get worked up. There are Lymph Nodes all over the body. When the body gets an infection. i.e., ear, tooth abcess, etc, the coresspond Lymph Node can show up swollen and stiff.
In my opinion, if you love somebody, you don't expect for anything in return. Valentines day is a special day to show somebedy we love them so whether they have a present for us or not we should just be happy that they are there to share their love with us and make us feel happy that we are capable of loving. So basically I don't expect anything. I'll just be happy that the love in our hearts for each other remains.
i dont know.. ask him.   :)\n\nAdded: holy crap i wrote this and then saw that the girl above me wrote the same freakin thing..... maybe i need to ask jeeves if i am psychic...
One thing that connects us the most is our appreciation for humor. Able to laugh at our mistakes and knowing when to laugh ,when to cry,when to be serious.
What site?  Did you try pinging it?
ldi Amin
http://www.lyrics007.com/The%20McGuire%20Sisters%20Lyrics/May%20You%20Always%20Lyrics.html
If you login to Yahoo! Mail, it will show your available capacity near the top right (below the banner ad, in the form of '1% of 1.0GB').\n\nI believe that 1 gigabyte is the capacity for new accounts, but I am not certain.
One is eligible to take the bar exam with only law-office study in California, Maine, New York, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, and Wyoming. In addition, you are eligible in California, DC, and New Mexico to take the test if you only have correspondence study. Each state is very different on these requirements, particularly on how long you must work at a law firm, and some of those do require some classroom experience at an ABA accredited law school, even though they don't require a JD or LLD.\n\nThat being said, it is pretty rare for someone to apply for and be accepted to the bar without a law degree. It is simply the easiest, fastest way to learn all of the information necessary for the bar exam.
hoop all the way. all of the mass in the hoop is moving at the same speed (roughly) while the inside of the sphere is moving much more slowly than the outside. so the hoop has more mass moving at a faster speed giving it a higher rotational inertia.
This site will explain it.
hitler.  u'll find out interesting things like how he was a leader in the catholic church
Let him know how much you care about him often
what a great question! Personally I would if i was a guy (but \nI'm not, lol) BUT I honestly dont think it is necessary UNLESS the woman is older or pregnant. ALSO as a woman I would not only give my seat to them but even to a child or an older man, I am a fit strong woman and I think a little standing wouldnt hurt me!
It seems to me that, in the case of Christianity, you have to consider a couple of things:\n\nFirst, you base your spiritual belief on what YOU HEAR: "So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God." Rom 10:17)\n1 John 5:10 (King James Version)\nKing James Version (KJV)\n\nThen, if you have faith, you'll have the withness IN YOURSELF:\n"He that believeth on the Son of God hath the witness in himself: he that believeth not God hath made him a liar;" because he believeth not the record that God gave of his Son."" (1 John 5:10). This refers to the Holy Ghost. As a matter of fact
they call it a hail mary because the throw is a prayer it you score off it "hail mary" for anwering your prayers.
go to your local bar by yourself, get a drink and start cryn about how you got dumped last valentines day and im sure someone will come to your aid
A soup kitchen? Food Banks I assume.
A thumb.
It all depends on what the program is, and its specific system requirements.\n\nCertain programs (like Word, Powerpoint) could care less about what type of processor it is, as long as the system is running WIndows.\n\nOther software, like ProTools, has very specific hardware requirements, and deviating from their favorites list will just cause you much drama.\n\nOther software can flip-flop either way. MS-Excel for example acts the same with both CPU's until you get into some super large numbers (2 to the 50th power or something like that) or extremely complex mathematical formulae (like what brokerage firms or actuaries might use). AMD processes mathematical calculations slightly different than Intel, and it will show up in complex calculations.\n\nSo, the moral of the story is to check the programs' system requirements.
coach carter has a better story
I think you should go on ... I believe that if you don't try something then you will regret it for the rest of your life. Believe me you are going to be just fine.
My vote, out of those three, would have to be:\n\nHey Jude
no i love it when my men call me a freak because i know im doing it right my momma told me as well as men that a man wants a lady in the streets but a freak in the bed so i will be his freak so he wont have to go anywhere else he gets everything he needs from me so i say be a freak and enjoy he does
Hey, just bringing this old question up for a vote.
What a great question, and one that has an answer unique to you only.\n\nYou need to talk to your doctor to find out EVERY possible harm, risk, lifestyle change and alternative option you have to consider.\n\nThen write down what you hope to get from the procedure (or the alternative) and weigh each positive outcome against each of these risks/changes and decide which counts more for YOU.\n\nThis will help you understand whether the surgery is right for you.\n\nHope this helps.\n\n\nHere is a great form to help you structure your decision points: http://decisionaid.ohri.ca/decguide.html
I like the "Reflection Nebula in the Pleiades"  But I think it is upside down http://heritage.stsci.edu/2000/36/big.html
The National voting age was 21 for both the election years you ask about.  Some states allowed younger voting before it became national law to allow the 18 year old to vote, just as some states had allowed the Womens vote before it became National Law in 1920.  The first National Election that 18 year olds were able to vote in was in 1972 when Richard Nixon won a landslide victory over George McGovern.
Himalayan mountains contain the two Highest largest and it is the longest. K2 and Mount Everest
they do not wish to know the truth, so God allows them to believe a lie without fact. Go to http://www.halos.com/videos.htm\nto see free streaming video to refute theory of evolution lie.
Officially, it is on hiatus. There are still a few unaired episodes and it will likely reappear after the Olympics. But, unless it catches fire in the ratings, it is highly unlikly to return.
on the whole, what man considers to be "constructive" might be considered by nature to be "destructive".  in order to build, something must be changed, or 'destroyed'.  it's a philosophical question, probably depending on your personal point of view (man vs. nature)
Here is the education section from wikipedia:\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chennai#Education\n\nAnd here are some from the Chennai website:\nhttp://www.chennai.tn.nic.in/chnpublicutil.htm#Govt_HS\nhttp://www.chennai.tn.nic.in/chnpublicutil.htm#Aided_HS
When you are looking for a new bike, you should takesome time to make sure the bike fits you. If you are serious about a bike, you should go to a bike shop instead of a department store. Your local bike shop people will help you get a bike that suits you best.\n\nYou can get a good bike from different brands, it will depend most on your taste. Most common brands include GT, Cannondale, Kona, Santa Cruz, Iron Horse,Tomac among others.\n\nA good site is Mountain Bike review, where users rate their bikes and cycling related accesories.\n\nFor 2000USD you can get a great bike without problem
I'm pretty sure the only options are dialysis or transplant.
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation
The bullet has much higher kinetic energy than the gun.\nThe bullet and the gun will have the same MOMENTUM but the bullet has more energy. (And a good thing for the shooter!) Kinetic energy is calculated using the mass of the object and the SQUARE of the velocity, while momentum is calculated using the mass of the object and the velocity. \n   If the bullet and the gun were equal in weight they'd have the same energy AND the same momentum - and the shooter would have an injured hand.
Digital Subscriber Line - how do i know? i'm a tech support for SBC
If it is an aqueous solution (water solvent), then hydrogen gas and oxygen gas are the primary products.
check out itunes and u have to pay 99 cents per song u download
i believe it helps people to CURB their hunger, so it serves to help in diets. though, i've got to say, i hope u aren't using this as excuses to continue/start smoking. the negative effects of smoking outweigh the seeming good effects on a much larger and wider scale.
chance
Series is n^2-(n-1)..\nSo the number is 4^2-3=13\n13 is the answer
means sisterf----r in hindi
If you want to study it in college, begin looking at those that offer the program.  Then contact someone in the department to find out more specific information about the program such as requirements for graduating, what projects they are working on, how involved they are in the community, and who the professors are.  Make sure you that you keep in mind what YOUR interests are.  For example, don't choose a university that focuses on southwestern archaeology if you would rather study underwater archaeology.\n\nOnce you find a program you like and are accepted, get involoved in the depratment.  Get to know the professors and staff members. This will give you more opportunities for field experience or internships.  You will go alot further in the field if you know people than if you only attend class.  In archaeology, its who you know that really takes you places. It doesn't take long for us to realize who is really going to make it in the field.\n\nIf you are purely just interested in it, there are many books out there on the subject, some excellent and some fiction.  Make sure you choose something that was written by a archaeologist working at the academic level or a respected agency.  If you don't you may end up with something about divination.  Also, Archaeology Magazine is an excellent source about what going on in the field right now.  You may also be interested in joining the AIA (Archaeology Institute of America).  It has chapters all over the country which usually hold field trips and monthly lectures.\n\nWhat you do not want to do is play Indiana Jones and just start digging things up on your own.  Through education you will be taught the proper techniques and guidelines for excavation so the data you collect will be useful.  As soon as you dig something up, you will lose its context and any information it can give about the past.  Proper education will teach you how to save this information.\n\nSo, when it comes to Archaeology stay up to date, stay involved, and always be willing to learn something new!  \n\nIts an amazing field to be involved in and very rewarding!
I think it'd be tough....oh by the way, that color looks great on you and please remember to wash your damn dishes.
Pittsburg Steelers
Well, I am a white woman, and I always say "thank you" when someone holds the door open for me.\n\nThe reason some do not is that they have no manners, plain and simple.
designed, based on drawing make contracts lease or sell then go nearest property bank that can finance or simply find big invester that can buy project after you design
Fletchers Ice Island was occupied from 1952 and 1978.  The last reported sighting was July of 1983.  It is assumed that sometime after this, it passed into the Davis Strait and melted.
"Unlike John F. Kennedy, who obtained an IQ score of 119, or Al Gore, who achieved scores of 133 and 134 on intelligence tests taken at the beginning of his high school freshman and senior years, no IQ data are available for George W. Bush. But we do know that the young Bush registered a score of 1206 on the SAT, the most widely used test of college aptitude. (The more cerebral Al Gore obtained 1355."
Fastweb is a good resouce. Also you have to fill out the FAFSA (free application for federal student aid) this is what the government (state and federal) and the schools themselves use to determine scholarship eligibility. Also, go to your college financial aid office, they have a lot of resources about scholarships for a given field of study or for a given religion or a given community. You have to go there to find out. Also, my high school had a scholarship for people who's parents went to the high school too (multi-generational attendance). You might want to check with your employer or your parents employers too. \n\nGood luck.
You know, i have passed on a net-love too, so if with a long time like that, i think that at least she got good relationship with her, so try to connect her by all mean.... And i think if you really care, really love, maybe God won't let you disappointed, try to go to her heart by a real feeling....
You don't require a telescope as big as an observatory. If you have a telescope of reasobale magnification, its good enough. Infact this is the best time of the year to view saturn and you can view saturn with any telescope now till June 2006. \n\nFirst of all, you need to have a chart of where to look for saturn. There are so many ways...but let me give you an example. You have to get longitude and latitude information of your current city. You can get it by going to the below website and finding your city.\nhttp://www.infoplease.com/ipa/A0001769.html\nAfter you get that information, you can go to the below website and key in that longitude and latitude information and it will give you the sky chart of where to look for saturn.\nhttp://saturn.jpl.nasa.gov/kids/activities-nightsky.cfm\n\nThe best time to view saturn is till June 2006. That clear view of saturn will not come again for the coming year. May be in 2014. Also the below website gives you information about where exactly saturn would be visible month by month.\nhttp://soc.jpl.nasa.gov/viewing.cfm\n\nEnjoy saturn viewing and sky watching.
A mountain
OK first, answer this question\nHow much of a "people person am I?"\nsecond, are you willing to sacrifice for others.\nThe best witness of the gospel is to become the living gospel by living it out daily infront of others.\nI have tried preaching but a life lived out for all to see works sometimes way better.\nLove beyond and exceedingly no matter what. nothing and I mean absolutly nothing tells the gospel better than true love!\nAlso here's a piece of advice, Look up 1 Corinthians 13 and for every word where it sais "Love" replace it with God and you get an idea of His true nature and charactor. next do the same but place your name in there and see if you are all those things. Patient, Kind, believeing, hopeing and so on. Learn to love and develope your heart for God and for others. Get close to God daily.
I don't eat fast food and I think anyone who does, obviously doesn't care about their health that much.
Of course.  2004 was one.
Cute.
www.etrade.com offers free checking and general banking services nationwide. It also refunds all ATM fees as long as you maintain sufficient balance in their account.
You should research other people that have problem with porn such as Kanye West and Kirk Franklin. See how they dealt with this addiction and what helped them through that time.
Hi James,\n\nSorry for not being abble to answer any of your questions :(\nDo you remember when you answered me about favicon.ico? You were right!\nI just don´t know how to do what you´ve instructed, because I think your instructions were to web developers. I´m saing this because I´ve just found a site which teach exactly what you told me, but it´s for programmers not for ordinary users, as I am.\n\nPlease, take a look at it:
you can get bladder infections anytime but after a miscarriage and clymidia doesn't make you extra prone. You may have another std if you feel burning during peeing or discomfort during sex get another pelvic exam to make sure you're not infected from the miscarriage or std.
Because water is polar.  Polar molecules can create favorable interations (hydrogen bonds) where + and - charges match up, for an energetically favorable configuration.  Lipids (fats and oils) are non-polar, and do not forma favorable interactions with water and other polar solvents.  Hence, they keep to their own--polar and polar go well together, and nonpolar goes with nonpolar.  Hence, hydrophobic (water fearing) and lipophilic (fat loving) mean the same thing.
try to go to the offie of professions, on line in KY. It tells you each RN. You can type in their name in a search to find a specific one.
The standard for low bandwith video telephony and multimedia.Comparing with mp3,mp4 can plays videos.\nPlus mp4 allows streaming over the internet. It also allows multiplexing of multiple video and audio streams in one file, variable frame- and bit-rates, subtitles and still images. Apple's QuickTime file format was the design starting point of the *.mp4 file format. Although *.mp4 still resembles the QuickTime format, it has been improved upon in many different ways.\nI hope this will help u.
Usability would fall under engineering in my opinion. Search Engine Optimization (SEO) is 100% marketing but requires assistance from the developers to structure the site to be both usable to the end user and easily read by the search engines.
would you rephrase that into a cognative question?
multiplication comes first... Hence...\n\n2x2=4\n4x2=8\nhence, 2x2x2=8\n\nbrackets come next esp those in brackets\n\n-2+18=18-2=16\n(-2+18)3=(16)(3)=48\n4-(-2+18)3 = 4-48 = -44\n\nThe bigger bracket is next...\n\n10[4-(-2+18)3]=10(-44)\n\nfinally comes subtract\n\n2x2x2-10[4-(-2+18)3]\n= 4x2-10[4-(16)3]\n= 8-10[4-48]\n=8-10(-44)\n=8+440\n=448
The process you are describing is called 'title elimination' or something similar.  In my state, mobile and manufactured homes are licensed just like trailers and cars, by the vehicle licensing department.  By eliminating the title, you are tying the ownership with the land which give lenders a much better lien.  Many lenders won't lend on mobile homes if the title has not been eliminated.  It can also be retitled later if needed.\n\nIt shouldn't have any affect on the value, but may help in obtaining better financing since the market has completely collapsed for mobile home lending.
Mandela was much more political, (president of the African National Conference) and he called for African nationalism.  He also will gain the ultimate in political power as the president of South Africa. Neither King or Ghandi had political ambitions.
Uranus is the seventh planet from the Sun and is the third largest in the solar system.  It has a mean distance from the Sun of 2.87 billion kilometers (1.78 billion miles).
It is a psychiatric hospital.  See this website:\n\nhttp://www.hospital-data.com/hospitals/NORTH-STAR-HOSPITAL-ANCHORAGE.html
Maybe if you print out the maps and throw them into the air to see which way the wind it blowing.\n\nOtherwise, you can't. What happened several days ago has very little bearing on what's going to happen tomorrow.
You have many choices.  \n\n1. pay them (they do have payment plans).\n2. purchase a fake ID and start a new life.\n3. leave the country and try to start over in another country (if they will have you)\n4. become a homeless person and own nothing.\n5. submit a new offer in compromise (least likely to work IRS does not seem to be accepting them any more)\n6. try to avoid them until the statute of limitations is up (currently 10 years but they are trying to extend that)\n\nGood Luck
Their mission is to "influence and work with key decision-makers in the UK, in order to change sports policy, practice and culture for the benefit of all women and girls"\n\nThey aim to\n\n - inform and share: by providing advice and information on up-to-date research, policy and strategy development, sources of funding, and national and regional initiatives \n - influence and lead: by influencing national and regional government, and sports council strategy and policy to make sure that all policies, strategies and programmes are equitable \n - promote and motivate: by collecting, developing and sharing examples of best practice. \n\nsee http://www.wsf.org.uk
Don't think so, Bears defense will surrender few points, but Jake Delhomme will outscore Rex Grossman, or whoever Chicago's QB will be.
You need the software for the shopping cart.(ie. Miva Merchant), then you need to set up the payment gateway. You may also, if you don't have one already, get a digital cert. so your customers will know that their transaction is secure.
You would not want to fix this condition. Saliva, kills plaque and helps prevent cavaties, if anything it is a good thing. You can also get a real sloppy kiss. :)
In a real wire, the velocity is something less than the speed of light.  How much less depends on the permitivity and permiability of the medium that the wave is propagating through.  What you want to find out is the "Velocity Factor" or "Velocity of Propagation" of your wire.  \nAs an example, standard RG6A Coax cable has a velocity factor of 0.66, which means that electricity travels through it at 66% of the speed of light.\nHere is a list with example velocities of propagation for different wire types\nhttp://www.nteinc.com/jovial/shortstop/voplist.html
Call the card company immediately, and tell them so they can cancel the card. The longer you wait, the greater the risk that you may be held liable for the charges.
There is nothing to compare.  For more than 50 years, Corvette has been America's premiere sports car, while Mustang was just a styling exercise on a Ford Falcon chasis.
Well it depends on what you did. Were you unemployed by choice? Did you choose to stay home for family, to help out a friend or family memeber, to take care of someone who is sick and unable to tend to themselves? Medical reasons? There are a number of reason as to how you can explain the gap.
well i know i can do at least 50 push ups with 150 pounds on my back. i did push up in the navy with a full sea bag on my back loaded with full gear becouce i got in trouble and that was what the captan made me do lol
indigo (blue-purple) and goldyellow
Needed some time to evaluate personal needs and professional aspirations.
you'll need to answer that yourself.  Be honest, because if you have a decent/honest boss then he'll know that you actually took the time to think about it.  The people here can't really help you answer that question.
You spelt it right - as in the female chef in the UK who has written numerous cookery books!  But it depends, some women are called Dahlia, as in the flower!  Or Delilah as in Samson and Delilah!
Very much depends on how much money you have to invest and how long you want to invest it.  Today as interest rates are going up, I would be cautious about real estate.  If you buy a house for yourself, go with a fixed rate mortgage.  Mutual Funds might provide a better answer as they have historical offered a higher rate of return.  Look for a company that has performed well year after year. (American Funds, Vanguard)
Every period is different but using the textbook number of 28 means your ovulation should occur around the 14th day after your period begins. Again, this date varies depending on the length of your cycle. Male sperm can live up to 5 days so making love between the 8th day and the 20th day holds the most risk. Overall, there is a 30% chance of pregnancy every time.
Insurance licenses are handled on the state level.  They are called the Insurance Department.  I can tell in Pennsylvania there is no requirement for a college degree, but there may be a requirement from whatever company you are applying to write insurance through.  To study for the exam, I would check out Dearborn.  http://www.dearborn.com\nAlso talk to some local agents about their experiences with the test in your state - http://www.findlocalinsurance.com
It sounds like Asperger's syndrome, a very light form of Autism: \n\nIndividuals with AS can exhibit a variety of characteristics and the disorder can range from mild to severe. Persons with AS show marked deficiencies in social skills, have difficulties with transitions or changes and prefer sameness. They often have obsessive routines and may be preoccupied with a particular subject of interest. They have a great deal of difficulty reading nonverbal cues (body language) and very often the individual with AS has difficulty determining proper body space. Often overly sensitive to sounds, tastes, smells, and sights, the person with AS may prefer soft clothing, certain foods, and be bothered by sounds or lights no one else seems to hear or see. It's important to remember that the person with AS perceives the world very differently. Therefore, many behaviors that seem odd or unusual are due to those neurological differences and not the result of intentional rudeness or bad behavior, and most certainly not the result of "improper parenting".\n\nBy definition, those with AS have a normal IQ and many individuals (although not all), exhibit exceptional skill or talent in a specific area. Because of their high degree of functionality and their naiveté, those with AS are often viewed as eccentric or odd and can easily become victims of teasing and bullying. While language development seems, on the surface, normal, individuals with AS often have deficits in pragmatics and prosody. Vocabularies may be extraordinarily rich and some children sound like "little professors." However, persons with AS can be extremely literal and have difficulty using language in a social context. \n\nAs for the "left brained, right brained" theory, that is a myth that came about when some reporters watered down research on 'split brain' procedures (where you cut the corpus collosum in order to prevent severe seizures).
HP always seems to be very expensive (for what they give you) and EVERYONE I've ever known who went with HP (printer,scanner,laptop) had SOME sort of issue that was very difficult, ans sometimes costly to solve.\n\nSony was behind the recent XPC spyware fiasco.\n\nThis doesn't exactly answer your question, but maybe it helps you narrow down the choices.
Something MEANINGFUL.  If you are giving flowers, for example, give her a quantity that MEANS something to both of you... the number of months you've been together (or days or hours... if it has been a rather short relation).  It is not the thing you give, is the fact that you were thinking on something special while you picked up the gift.
Since this spot keeps coming back, I strongly encourage you to make an appointment with an optometrist or ophthalmologist.  It is likely something very treatable and unlikely that it will result in blindness if you seek proper care.
PLEASE CHECK WITH A DOCTOR....THIS IS ONLY A STATEMENT!!!!!   Disabling Infections of the bones..{BURSITIS } .......{ Streptococcus} A spherical-Shaped bacterium found in chain arrangerment, when observed microscopically,Some types cause disease, such as scarlet fever and sore throat.
The 10% bit is a myth. We do use all of our brains, though not neccesarily all at once. I am mean think about it, when is that last time someone said, "well, I got a brain injury but it only took out 25% of my brain so I'm just fine!"\n\nThis link covers the "10% Brain Urban Legend"
Looks like she is/was teaching at Purdue. I can't find any mention of her death though.\n\nThe link below goes to a bio of her on the Purdue Website.
Do whatever you love to do
We aren't sure & Mom  isn't either,my sister was born at home and delivered by my mom. On her  birth certificate there is no time, my Mother isn't sure the day is right. She said it was dark the last sound thing she remembered it was after 10:pm , but not sure if it was 1hr. past or 3hrs past after leaving the room with the clock . Mom says it's either Wed. or thurs. ( we have always celebrated both days ) The 16 or 17th day of march. Lucky
I have a whole slew of answers already tapped out on stone tablets. My challenge is in getting them onto the darn website.\n\nI have broken three computer screens already in this endeaver...
depends. pc2700 is better because it is faster memory than pc2100. But, remember, if you have a pc/laptop that accepts pc2100, then you can put a pc2700 memory in it but it will not make your laptop faster. It works only because all memory modules are backward compatible and work with old slots but will not be able to take advantage of the speed capabilities of the newer memory modules.
i think moses
Generalizations about liberals:\n\nPro-choice\nPro-gun control\nSupport the homosexual agenda\nPro-affirmative action\nDefend separation of church and state\nAgainst most wars\nIndividual privacy is paramount\nBelieve in distribution of wealth\n\nAgain, these are generalizations;" YMMV."
Most avatars are made up by people with a lot of free time and photoshop. Just use a search engine to find a image you like and use a image editing program to add a witty saying or something. To make a animated avatar (call a .gif) you can try finding a program that makes them or find them online. Try gif.com they have a few of them.
WHat what!!!!!!! LOL
Go here and download it,you can find also new adults smiley-emoticons,very nice! http://yacam.altervista.org at the left menu
you have to buy an infrared device.
Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva is a disorder of connective tissue that ultimately results in massive bone formation across the body's major joints, eventually rendering movement impossible. The disorder affects one in two million people worldwide, and there are 200 known cases in the U.S.
football used to be a variation of soccer. and soccer is called football in england
You don't want to leave everything for nothing. So before doing anything crazy you should probably let the person you love come to you or at least drop a hint of interest for you to decide if it's worth leaving everything for. Once that hint is dropped and you know the feelings are mutural then you should go ahead and take those chances. Good luck!
Check out the Small Business Administration web site -- they're a great resource for the small business owner. I listed a couple of other handy links as well.\n\nTry reading up on the subject -- check out Amazon, your local bookstore or library. \n\nPrior to investing your time, money & effort into a business name, it is strongly advised that comprehensive research be conducted to ensure that the name you're interested in is truly available. \n\nThis entails searching the pending & registered Federal and State trademark files as well as the US National Common-Law files. Then, if clear, you can decide if you would like to file for a Federal or a State trademark. \n\nResearch is needed to make sure your trade name is legally available, before opening, before expansion, before incorporation or before designing your logo. Similarities in sound, appearance and meaning affect you too!\n\nThere are 16+ million trade names in use in the United States. Similar names matter, if close in sound, appearance or meaning. Similar names in related classes, distribution channels and customer matter too. You are affected by Common Law use (14 million), State Trademarks (500,000) and Federal Trademarks (2 million).
Cool, you have asked what is totally QUESTION NUMBER ONE in basic physics. It's an exciting question which many teachers secretly don't understand and so their students get this hazy idea and kind of go thru the motions. Here's a way to remember and understand through a kooky made-up story.\n\nWow, it is so basic, that it took a super-genius, I mean way smarter than Einstein, to figure it out. A good old farm boy, astrologer, magician & alchemist, religious fanatic, mathematician and all around kook. Yep. Sir Isaac Newton. You gotta wonder what kind of parents would name their kid "Sir"\n\nWell we all know what a force is, it is a sort of push or pull -- think of it as something that changes or *tries to change* the motion of stuff.\n\nNewton first figured out that if you leave a thing alone, or if the pushes and pulls on it cancel out, then it will sit there like a lump. Like those drivers wearing hats, and like sit there after the light has already turned green two minutes ago.\n\nOr else a thing will keep moving in the same straight line direction and speed like those drivers wearing hats who go 40 mph on the expressway with their turn signal blinking on and on. This is known as "THE HAT LAW".\n\nAll was well until he noticed that things move faster in an amount equal to how much you bully them or push them around. Twice the force, twice the fasterness and fasterness (also known as acceleration). This is called the "YOU BIG BULLY LAW".\n\nThen he discovered a fly in the ointment. His HAT and BULLY laws didn't really explain all that much. Something was gumming up this beautiful theory. We call it MASS and it is still an unknown mystery as to what it really is. So we vaguely call it the amount of stuff or matter in a thing.\n\nSo he found out that for a certain force the faster-isity (acceleration) is cut in half if you double the mass. The bully has to push twice as hard to fasterize two little kids. So he was like "I'll just add that in, and all will be cool". The "YOU BIG BULLY LAW" and "THE HAT LAW" totally did it all. Wa ta da babee!\n\nBut then Newton had a road accident. He was gunning his Harley over London bridge at like 250 when a bug hit him in the mouth and knocked out one of his wooden teeth. He was all "Why am I so in pain?". And the bug as it squooshed said "Help! I'm a bug!"\n\nSo spitting out the splinters of his wooden tooth and the splattered bug, he had this revelation. He realized that because he was moving so fast, and the bug slowed down so fast, that even a eentsy mass like a bug was like taking a hammer to his tooth.\n\nHe noticed that the force was equal to the mass of the bug times the speed of impact all happening in a brief moment. Since Newton spoke Latin (he was the love child of Joe Newton and an Italian governess) he wrote "Fastus buggus ina momentum hurtus like crazy." Today we call this "momentum". It is just "mass times speed" or "force times a small moment of time".\n\nAnd he realized that the bug smashed up his tooth, but also that the bug was squashed (like a bug) because they were trading the EXACT same amount of momentum. The force on the tooth by the bug in the moment of time was PRECISELY equal to the smacko-ing the tooth used to stop the bug dead.\n\nHe said "Hey, like he broke my tooth, but I killed him soooo dead!" He did the math and found that the force of the bug on the tooth was equal to the force of the tooth on the bug!\n\nNo way did the two equal forces cancel, after all, his tooth was hammered to splinters, and the bug was flattened. They were equal and opposite, but since one was on the tooth, and the other force was on the bug they did serious damage! Today we call this the "HELP I'M A BUG" law.\n\nNow our man 'Zack was all set. He wrote down his three laws:\n\nTHE HAT LAW (beeep! beeep! Move it Hat G
good luck dude keep trying  check rent.com
The pressure inside each enclosed bubble will remain the same.  If the airline is pressurized, there's no effect (usually cargo planes are pressurized, except in extreme cases).  Physics dictates that the bubble would "appear" to EXPAND in the increasing altitude due to lower pressure outside/inside the plane; therefore if you are concerned about shipping something via altitude w/o pressurized cabin--- no worries.  It would take a trip outside of earth's atmosphere to pop... if no cabin pressurization.  Don't take it out scuba diving;" water depth increases pressure exponentially
turn off the lights in your bathroom and take a bath as hot as you can stand it. this works excelent for me. but sometimes if i dont stay in the tub long enough  my headache will come back. stay away from lights and tv. and do not sit in front of your computer. sitting in front of your computer will make the headache worse from making your eyes adjust to the small screen and the light from the monitor doesnt help either.
Try www.ricedelman.com  Ric Edelman is a personal financial advisor in the DC area and has an excellent web site along with several good books.
I heard on the radio that Conference USA who supplied the refs apologized for many plays. I don't think the refs were doing favortism, they did spot the ball horribly in Iowa's favor twice off by a yard or more. But they did hurt Iowa bad on 5 horrible calls. The refs come from a conferecne that has much slower and smaller players. They could not keep up with the game.
"They that can give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety."\n-franklin
There is no "The Nurse" by Alfred Hitchcock but in a film of his there was one when a "killer nurse " was on the run and it ended up being a man.
Capacitor, device for storing an electrical charge, sometimes called a condenser. In its simplest form a capacitor consists of two metal plates separated by a non-conducting layer called the dielectric. The dielectric may be air, plastic, waxed paper, or another substance such as the mineral mica. When one plate of a capacitor is charged using a battery or other source of direct current, the other plate becomes charged with the opposite sign;" that is
paste special lets you choose what of the cell you want to paste.\n\nfor example, if you have a formula that's calculating averages, and you want to move the answer to a second location, if you do "regular" cut and paste, then the formula will update to the new location, giving you a screwy value.  but with "paste special" you can copy just the value of the cell to the new location.  this also lets you copy just the borders, formatting, comments, formulas, or any number of cool things.  i've personally found it most helpful in dealing with formulas and borders, but there's probably a gazillion other applications.
I've not really learned enough of Putin to judge him but the Russians in my book are good people but they are like us. They are tough and if you back them into a corner they will fight. I'd rather see everyone on good terms because a war with Russia or China would be world devastating. At least Russia and the US are getting along but we definitely don't want them hooking up with China against us. It would be one helluva fight, no? Tina, Houston, Texas
That is still a current sign that there are drugs available for purchase in that area.
This is not a complete analysis, and I am not an expert in this area, and just the result of a few random thoughts. You can flesh this out as needed. \n\n\nLet f(n,x)=the nth application of function g to x. In your case g(x)=sin(x). In general, a function g(x) will have some values x at which f(n,x) converges to a fixed point, and some values x at which it does not, but diverges, or exhibits periodic or chaotic behavior (wanders around in some bounded region). \n\nFor the case of g(x)=sin(x), \n\nf(1e1,1)=.463\nf(1e2,1)=.1689\nf(1e3,1)=.0546\nf(1e4,1)=.0173\nf(1e5,1)=.0055\nf(1e6,1)=.0017\n\nPlotting log(f(1en,1)) versus n shows an approximately straight line, so that if a0=-1.1274 and a1=0.4303, then y(n)=a0*n+a1 is a reasonable approximation for log(f(1en,1)), and log(f(1en,1))-y(n) is \n\n(-0.0729, 0.0460, 0.0441, 0.0222, 0.0036, -0.0431) \n\nfor n=1,2,3,4,5,6 respectively. \n\nI notice that there appears to be some oscillatory behavior in this residual, which you might be able to model fairly accurately as well for more variance reduction in your convergence prediction. \n\nMaybe this will get you started and you can dig into this further, depending on how much depth you need.
MAN I KNOW WHOLE GRIP OF INFO ON HIM. HIS FULL NAME IS JOHNATHAN FELIX-ANTHONY CENA. HE WAS THE SECOND OUT OF FIVE SONS. HE IS 28. BORN ON APRIL 23, 1977. IN WEST NEWBURRY, MASSACHUESETTS APPROXIMATELY 40 MILES FROM BOSTON. HIS FAVORITE BASEBAL TEAM IS THE BOSTON RED SOXES. HE FAVORITE FOOTBALL TEAM IS THE NEW ENGLAND PARTTIOTS. HE IS SCARED OF SPIDRS. HE ENJOYUS BEING NAKED. HE HAS AN MOM NAME CAROL AND AN GRANDMA NAMED CATHERINE AND A DAD NAMED JOHN. AND HE HAS 4 BROTHERS NAMED MATT, SEAN, DAN, ?/ JOHN WAS ALWAYS VERY SOCIL .....BUT I HAVE TO MUCH INFO TO WRITE ABOUT JOHN CENA BUT YOU CAN GO TO : www.cena-net.org or askjeeves.com and you can find a lot of info on the hotttest man in the world JOHN CENA!!!
Chavez is Fidel's little boy toy.  Chavez sucks Fidel's thingie.  When Chavez grows up, he wants to be just like Fidel, a communist pig, and murderer.  Leading his country into starvation and poverty.  Lying to the poor, the ignorant, and the hopeless of the nation to gain power, and then drill everyone to the ground.  Venezuela will be, or already is, the next Cuba.   The smart Venezuelans leave the country, and the poor mindless ones stay behind.  It's history repeating itself, just like Cuba.
This depends on your age and weight and how healthy you're. Go to this website www.eas.com they will give you an exact answer!!  : )
Yes and no.  There has been a 'west vs. islam' battle going on for well over a thousand years predating even the crusades.  The current 'war on terror' is really a return to this ancient battle of cultures.  The only time that this was not in the forefront was the 80 some-odd years of fighting against communism.\n\nI pretty much agree with you and have been saying this to people since I watched the towers come down from my office in Manhattan.
i dont know what you call ... but i do know what you wont call it\n\nLONELY
It depends on what type of woman you are. You  could be a screamer or a moaner. But to tell the truth be yourself and be physical. Kiss him alot while having sex, rub your hands all over his body where you can reach. Let your emotions take over and show. There are some woman that like to talk to their men while having sex. Experiment. Take control once in awhile and let him lay back and enjoy while you let all your passion run free. Well I hope I helped a little bit. Have fun.
Cajuns are people who are of the "Acadia" French living in Novia Scotia (Canada) that resettled in South Louisiana.  They were entirely Catholic and came to escape religious persecution under Protestant England's rule 1800s.  They take their culture very seriously and live in the area called ACADIANA stretching from Lake Charles to New Orleans on Interstate 10.  They are known for festivals, famous cuisine, warm hospitality, broken accents, laid back attitude, and Acadian architecture.  The X-generation was the last to have French everyday in public schools through 7th grade.  French remains the first language spoken by all prior to the Baby Boomers.  Almost every little town has its own unique community and people feel a sense of pride in continuing the tradition for generations.  People have common last names like Hebert, Billeaud, Guidry, Comeaux, Bergeron, and pages of each exist in the phone books.
no he doesnt he got a girl but he doesnt have kids aiight peace
of of the top of my head 3.1415923
1 acre = 43,560 square feet = 4047 sq meters = 0.4047 hectares.
If both of them are routers then you only need one of them. I don't know what models you have so there might be different things on each router that you might want. If you need both then I would hook up the wireless one 1st and then http to the ip address and check the wireless settings. If you don't want to change anything then you might try downloading netstumbler and it will show you the ssid if it is broadcasting.
I bet I do :)\n\nGo You and me!
I think she is a pretty girl. She was cuter when she was a smaller size though. Oh, well there is just more of her to love now!
commodity \nThe word commodity is a term with distinct meanings in business and in Marxian political economy. For the former, it is a largely homogenous product, whereas for the latter, it refers generically to wares offered for exchange.\n\nLinguistically, the word commodity came into use in English in the 15th century, being derived from the French word "commodité" meaning "benefit, profit", similar in meaning to biens (goods). The Latin root meaning is commoditas, referring variously to the appropriate measure of something; a fitting state
For making my own video I use a digital video camera. A Canon GL3 to be exact. After planing a script to convey the desired message I shoot the video. Using a firewire IEEE connection between the camera and computer, I download the recording using Ulead MediaStudio Pro (http://www.ulead.com/) software. You can add sound from one of many "Royalty Free" music download sites (http://www.royalty-free.tv/) and otherwise edit the video to create thousands of effects. Once it's all to my liking I save it. If you are going to stream the video online you will want to compress the video to a WMV (windows media video) to make it smaller and adjust the bit rate to help the Internet stream. You can get the Windows Media Encoder free at http://www.microsoft.com/windows/windowsmedia/9series/encoder/default.aspx\n\nThen you can run your commercial on any of a thousand websites who provide video advertising. Here's a sample of one of my commercials: \n\nhttp://www.azonlinemarketing.com/online-marketing-video.php\n\nHope that helps a bit. If you are looking to get a Television infomercial made, please contact me through the source link below.
Bath and Body Works, I also like any music store.
It depend on if you abuse your privileges on the computer of not.\nYes I’m a parent.
Health care providers, clinicians, and researchers have been debating the potential of antibiotics hindering the effectiveness of oral contraceptives for quite some time. There have been several research studies that concluded that some antibiotics do indeed decrease the effectiveness of the pill. Hence, it becomes more likely that an unintended pregnancy could occur. \nThe general recommendation when taking antibiotics for a short amount of time is to use an additional backup contraceptive method such as a latex condom during the treatment time and for one week afterward. When taking antibiotics for a long period of time, the general recommendation is to use an additional backup method for the first two weeks of the antibiotic use. \nIt also is important to remember that you should continue using the pill unless directed otherwise by your health care provider. He/she may provide more specific instructions based on your individual situation, medication, or health status.
Try http://www.MJMdesignershoes.com.
Florida:  Haulover\nNew Jersey:  Gunnison\nCalifornia:  Black's (and several others)\nNew York:  Fire Island
Because a Man would like the best of both worlds..have two instead of one....Men are living in denial...they hate to admit when they are wrong and it's too hard for them to tell the truth!
Legitimate work-at-home program sponsors should tell you - in writing - what's involved in the program they are selling. Here are some questions you might ask a promoter:\n\n    * What tasks will I have to perform? (Ask the program sponsor to list every step of the job.)\n    * Will I be paid a salary or will my pay be based on commission?\n    * Who will pay me?\n    * When will I get my first paycheck?\n    * What is the total cost of the work-at-home program, including supplies, equipment and membership fees?\n    * What will I get for my money?
its called WON\n\ni round to the dollar, 1000 won = 1 dollar. its the easiest way to think about how much something costs. \n\nbelow is the link to the exact exchange rate
cout<<"Pointers are cool" lol\n\nthey r just one of the amzing feautures in C++\n\n\nhave a look @:\nhttp://cplus.about.com/od/beginnerctutorial/l/aa040602a.htm\n\nhttp://www.programmingtutorials.com/cplusplus.aspx\n\nhttp://digg.com/programming/C_pointers,_the_easy_way_to_learn_them_\n\nfeel free to pose any Questoin if u meed more help in C++\n\nHuS
u can use either limewire or bearshare to download  any pdfs of required subject
They don't have one, but if you go to the wal-mart site and weave through it, you should be able to send them one and they will respond (see link below)
A cell line is a population of cells derived from a single cell.
Republicans are more pro-business than Democrats, and the airwaves and the media is increasingly controlled by big business.  It's easy for people on the left to complain about conservative bias and for the people on the right to complain about the liberal media, but just follow the money.\n\nAfter Reagan signed a bill removing the airwaves from the public domain, you have seen an aggressive and successful wave of business-controlled media.  This is not a left/right issue as much as a public domain/business issue.\n\nAnd Republicans are more supported by business.
depends on which one you are using,but most can be removed,by going to add&remove in control panel.if its the one that comes with xpservice pak2 just turn it off.
Many males might be producing to much testerone so their bodies compensate by producing estrogen which makes them feminine, and grow breast, as for women they most likly think its the cool thing to do.
Actually, there are more than four.  Four were accepted into the canon.\n\nEach Gospel tells a different POV.  I have a site listed as a source you may be interested in.\n\nBtw, there was only one Napolean Bonaparte- but many books on him.  ;")"
You mean sex night like as in "My bowling club has a weekly sex night, what time is it and where do I get directions to the motel?" Or do you want information on where you can find sex tonight?
I found refernces to \n\n1. Moby\n2.  Charmillionaire\n3.  Bone Thugs n Harmony\n4. Mos Def
He was a ficticious character and opinions vary as to who his true identity was - see links below for a few\n--------\nThe real Captain Starlight was a villain named Frank Pearson, who at various times used aliases including Dr. Pearson, Major Lacey and Gordon. He was born in England in 1837 and arrived in Australia in 1866. His immediate movements are unknown, however, in 1868 he surfaced in northern New South Wales in company with a Queensland bushranger named Charles Rutherford. They bailed up a party of travellers near Walgett, stealing some money and a revolver. However, the travellers were able to give a good description of the men to the police and soon a Queensland Police trooper named McManus, a New South Wales trooper named McCabe and a blacktracker were on their track.\n----------\nMention the name Harry Redford in Longreach and you're sure to be greeted with tales from local residents that have been handed down from their parents and grandparents.\n\nDuring the last 117 years, the man has become something of a local legend.\n\nAlthough writers have, to date, written about Harry Redford, recent evidence presented by Patrick McCarthy in his book 'The Man who was Starlight',has proven that Redford's name was in fact Henry Readford. But whether he be Redford or Readford, to local residents he has come to be more popularly known as 'Captain Starlight' - a ficticious name drawn from Rolfe Boldrewood's Australian classic 'Robbery Under Arms'.
no, they only produce more wrinkles.
Hose # 1 & #3 flow at a rate of 1/6 of a pool per hour.\nHose # 2 flows at a rate of 1/2 a pool per hour.\n\nCombining them you get 1/6 + 1/6 + 1/2 = 5/6 pool per hour. To get 1 pool full will take 6/5 of an hour or 72 minutes.
i think you should it would be your chance to go for it and tell him because if you wait to long then he might slip away and you may never find out how he feels!
Assumed: In the U.S.\n\nYour major makes no difference.  Many doctors, including surgeons majored in a field other than science such as business, philosophy, etc.  Having said that, the MCAT, which is a test required by virtually all U.S. medical schools, contains questions on both physical sciences as well as life sciences.  In addition, most medical schools require a list of basic coursework in sciences.  So while you do not need to MAJOR in a science, you will need to take a number of science courses.  \n\nFinally, your major in your undergraduate program will have no impact on what happens after medical school.  If you want to be a surgeon, you need to do well in Mmdical School and of course there are different areas of surgery that are more difficult to get into than others.\n\nSo worry about getting into medical school first: Good MCAT score, high GPA (3.5 or higher), and of course your unique and diverse persona.
Shirley
Traditionally the amphibians are taken to include all tetrapods that are not amniotes. Recent amphibians all belong to a single subgroup of these, called the Lissamphibia. Recently there has been a tendency to restrict the class Amphibia to the Lissamphibia, i.e. to exclude tetrapods that are not more closely related to modern forms than they are to modern reptiles, birds, and mammals.\n\nThere are two ancient, extinct, subclasses:\n\nSubclass Labyrinthodontia (paraphyletic) \nSubclass Lepospondyli \nOf the remaining modern subclass Lissamphibia there are three orders:\n\nOrder Anura (frogs and toads) (in Superorder Salientia): 5,228 species \nOrder Caudata or Urodela (salamanders): 552 species \nOrder Gymnophiona or Apoda (caecilians): 171 species \nAuthorities disagree on whether Salientia is a Superorder that includes the order Anura, or whether Anura is a sub-order of the order Salientia. In effect Salientia includes all the Anura plus a single Triassic proto-frog species, Triadobatrachus massinoti. Practical considerations seem to favour using the former arrangement now.
If you're just wanting to start up your own small, personal website that isn't going to cost you anything, and you don't mind a little bit of advertising and restriction in what you can do, check out places like http://www.geocities.com/ to signup for your own free webspace, with an address like http://www.geocities.com/yourusername/. These services are free and a good place to start with web building, as they offer simple tools, wizards and WYSIWYG (What You See Is What You Get) options to help you get you started.\n\nIf you're looking to get something more advanced done, check out services like http://www.lunarpages.com/ who offer quite cheap, but stable web hosting and domain registration packages that will set you up quite nicely on the internet. You'll need some software to design your site (whether that be a WYSIWYG editor like Dreamweaver, Frontpage or so on, or a text editor like Notepad) and a little bit of cash to pay for the package and the domain name (the cheapest Lunarpages package is around US$7.95 per month with a domain name included).
My understanding is the same as that travesty of a human being, Ted Kennedy, only just in much smaller amounts.
yes, the magnetic fields are already getting weaker, that means Alaska will lose its aurora and the switch of poles can last a few hundred or few thousand years.\n\nThe cause is unknown but the majority of scientists believe that the poles switch not spontaneously but as a result of events that may disrupt the flow of the Earth's core.\n\nScientists read past reversals by the magnetisim of the solidified oceanic rock(at the bottom of the ocean) but to read further back in time they look at sandstone which may have suspended iron particles which can tell of the earth's magnetisim at the time the sandstone was formed
I'm a boy loving, cock sucker.
It is said that toe nails grow slower because of a decrease in blood circulation in the feet and also nails grow faster on longer fingers.  So because toes are short they take longer to grow.
It appears that the question period has expired.  If you have received an answer that meets your needs, please choose one of those as a 'best answer.'  If you haven't received a good answer for your question, you may want to consider the following,\n\n1) Re-post your question.  Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo! Answers than old ones.\n2) If you do re-post your question, consider why it wasn't answered the first time.  Could it be more specific?  Could it be worded better? Were there grammatical or spelling errors? Was it in the best category?\n\nIf it doesn't seem likely that re-posting your question will help you, then here's a listing of my favorite 'answer sites'.  Maybe one of them will help you.\n\nAnswers.com http://www.answers.com/\nBartleby http://www.bartleby.com/\nYahoo Reference http://education.yahoo.com/reference/\nHowStuffWorks http://www.howstuffworks.com/\nWikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page\n\nSince I really haven't answered your question, it is not necessary to give me any points.  Regards.
Exercise is always the best solution.  Also, try to think about something that you do daily (drink a soda, have a cup of coffee with creamer, eat a piece of candy), and replace it with a healthier option.  You'd be amazed at how making a small change, and THINKING about what you eat, can make a big difference in your health!
Right click Internet Explorer, highlight properties, click on Clear History, also set Days to keep pages in history to (0).\n\nAlso try click start, control Panel & then click Internet Options & fallow the above direction’s, remember to click Apply.\n\nTo clean your recent searches, just click on the Content tab when your in Internet Properties, then click Clear SSL State & click on AutoComplete… And make sure none of the boxes are checked, if they are, uncheck them and click OK.\n\nYou can also get this free software called Crap Cleaner.\n\nhttp://www.ccleaner.com/
It is basically clearing your mind of any thoughts in an attempt to perhaps obtain inner peace. Here's a great site to get you started: \nhttp://www.buddhanet.net/audio-meditation.htm\n\nIf you want to get more into Buddhism, I suggest brousing the entire site, it's a good reference for beginners!
Folktales
Ive heared of it Im in the band in vicksburg, ms...What do you play? I play the trombone...But yes ive heard of your band befor for good Concert music and stuff...Tbone Love ALexis...
I don't use bitcomet, the best Torrent program around (Source: Slashdot.org) is Azureus (Spl?) which I use and is AWESOME!!!!!
you can get brand new one at Gateway.com (http://www.gateway.com/home/products/hm_ptb_catalog.shtml?clv=LNav)\nfor about that.  They also sell Gateway's at Office Depot I think.  If gateway has that deal, I would bet that Best Buy and CompUSA have comparable deals.\n\nThats the bottom line cause HuffDawg says so.
Because they don't listen to people who are trying to really help them. People who think they are sensitive tell poor people they need "help" when very few poor people truely do. \n\nHere is some advice for them. "The harder you work, the luckier you get" - Clean up - Go work hard - you will make money - you will then find some luck through your hard efforts - you will begin to make more money - you will not be poor anymore. It won't happen overnight and anything worth having is worth waiting for. Best of luck.
Figuring out some of these questions is like doing a puzzle....\n\nOkay, I get it. This is multiple choice. The best answer is:\nFRACTURING IT or SHATTERING IT\n\nWater will cleave the rock by expanding within it as it freezes. Freezing by itself will not erode the surface (this is meant to be a chemical process) except by fracturing. It might shatter from freezing. Same process of expansion of water when freezing. Changing it's composition? No this is a chemical process, not physical erosion.  Got it?
ANALOG X  www.analogx.com\nCC Proxy  www.youngzsoft.net/ccproxy/proxy-server-download.htm\n\nBut I suggest u to go with CC Proxy. \n\nBut both of these proxies wont support voice chat and webcam in yahoo messenger in the client i mean pc which is get internt connection b y server pc.
Fascinating facts about the invention of the Hula Hoop by \nRichard P. Knerr and Arthur K. Melin in 1958. HULA-HOOP® \n \n  \nYou may think that the Hula Hoop was a fad born in the 1950s, but in fact people were doing much the same thing with circular hoops made from grape vines and stiff grasses all over the ancient world. More than three thousand years ago, children in Egypt played with large hoops of dried grapevines.  The toy was propelled along the ground with a stick or swung around at the waist.\nDuring the fourteenth century, a "hooping" craze swept England, and was as popular among adults as kids.   The records of doctors at the time attribute numerous dislocated backs and heart attacks to "hooping."  The word hula became associated with the toy in the early 1800s when British sailors visited the Hawaiian Islands and noted the similarity between "hooping" and hula dancing.  In 1957, an Australian company began making wood rings for sale in retail stores. \n\nThe item attracted the attention of Wham-0, a fledgling California toy manufacturer. Richard P. Knerr and Arthur K. Melin, of Wham-O, manufactured a plastic hoop in a variety of bright colors.  Knerr and Melin promoted it for months in 1958 on Southern California playgrounds where they would do demonstrations and give away hoops to get the children to learn and play. Their perseverence turned HULA HOOP into the greatest fad the country has ever seen. Twenty-five million were sold in four months! \nThe Hula Hoop was introduced in 1958 and made the two men very rich indeed.   \n\nThe fad died out in the sixties, but Hula Hoops are now very much with us again thanks to the fitness craze.  What better way to grind off those unsightly bulges around the waist and hips.\n \nAT A GLANCE:\nIn 1957, an Australian company began making wood rings for sale in retail stores. The item attracted the attention of Wham-0, a fledgling California toy manufacturer. The next year Richard P. Knerr and Arthur K. Melin, of Wham-O, manufactured a plastic hoop in a variety of bright colors.  \nInvention: Hula-Hoop / noun / brand name / Tradeamark WHAM-O Inc \nFunction: A trademark used for a light plastic hoop that is whirled around the body for play or exercise by the movement of the hips. \nPatent: Wham-O could not patent an ancient item \nInventor: Richard P. Knerr and Arthur K. Melin  \n  \nMilestones:\nBC\n1000 Egypt children played with large hoops of dried grapevines.\nAD\n1948 Wham-O was born in a garage when they began producing slingshots that sold for 75 cents.\n1957 an Australian company began making wood rings for sale in retail stores. \n1958 Wham-O, manufactured a plastic hoop in a variety of bright colors. \nhula-hoop, Richard P. Knerr, Arthur K. Melin, wham-o, toys, invention, history, inventor of, history of, who invented, invention of, fascinating facts.
Both of those symptoms indicate a weak PC muscle. This muscle is responsible for both starting and stopping the flow of urine as well as erection strength and holding power.\n\nFortunately, performing PC exercises (also called kegel exercises) will improve your PC muscles greatly.\n\nAs for the issue of over urination, see a doctor as this may be a separate health issue.
Just turned 33 on March 4
it feels good
77,700 sq km (30,000 sq miles)
to enjoy life to the fullest. just being happy and financially stable. life is too short to be unhappy.
It is a molecular sieve used to physically (not chemically) separate the components of a mixture.\n\nIt comprises of pressurizing/regulating equipment, a split membrane chamber and monitoring equipment.
im sure that you can find one on eBay
The conversion factor for penicillin in 1 mg is equal to 1,666.67 IU ... which bascially translates out to 600 mg = 1,000,000 IU
Hi,\nAVG is one of the best;" available from http://www.grisoft.com. The free version is good. I bought the ""buy"" version for 33 dollars US for two years. Use to have Norton
I suppose between 3-6, when they learn how to speak, walk, run, and socialize. At this period, everything sticks at them... I guess at this time, everybody is willing to learn, but later on, this vigour diminishes somehow...not everyone cares about doing well at school.
I don't think you can do that at this time, not with Yahoo! Mail >>>Beta<<<.
http://www.jimmyr.com/bored.php
It appears that the question period has expired.  If you have received an answer that meets your needs, please choose one of those as a 'best answer.'  If you haven't received a good answer for your question, you may want to consider the following,\n\n1) Re-post your question.  Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo! Answers than old ones.\n2) If you do re-post your question, consider why it wasn't answered the first time.  Could it be more specific?  Could it be worded better? Were there grammatical or spelling errors? Was it in the best category?\n\nIf it doesn't seem likely that re-posting your question will help you, then here's a listing of my favorite 'answer sites'.  Maybe one of them will help you.\n\nAnswers.com http://www.answers.com/\nBartleby http://www.bartleby.com/\nYahoo Reference http://education.yahoo.com/reference/\nHowStuffWorks http://www.howstuffworks.com/\nWikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page\n\nSince I really haven't answered your question, it is not necessary to give me any points.  Regards.
i've seen only half of one episode. i think it's the same as all the other teen soap operas. but i would have to say that chad michael murray is my favorite (since that's the only actor i know from that show!)
Neosporin kept me from getting scars several times. It even took away my stretch marks as long as I religiously applied it to them when they first began to make an appearance as little red marks. Once I stopped applying it though I noticed a differnce. I wish I'd kept that up during my pregnancy cause it actually made those marks dissapear during the begining!!!
A magnet has a stronger field in the middle. The field lines can only be observed as they separate at the ends, and where the density of field lines in decreasing. The field strength at a given distance measured perpendicular to the axis of the magnet is always greater in the region opposite the middle than opposite the ends. This is the case for all fields that vary as the inverse square from point sources, magnetic, electric, and electromagnetic (from radioactive sources or light).
He born July 6, 1946, making him 59 years old.
drowning in your own blood after having your throat punctured by a dull pencil
Besides money, everyday math helps you plan for parties, select the right car parts and correctly double Aunt Jo's cookie recipe.  Some professionals use math to design iPods, Sirius radio, and the hybrid Honda Civic.  Other professionals use math to save the rain forest, create bionic eyes, and find new sources of energy.  Higher order math provide theories or guesses into the unknown such as the origin of the Universe or the existence of n-th Dimensions.  For me, math is mostly about money.
Renew skin lotion from Melaluca cleared my sons Eczema up in 4 days. Amazed the doctors we had a follow up appointment on the 4th day and they were impresed.
I don't know about the rest of us, but I have absolutely no idea of what you are talking about.
I think that the problem a lot of people have with Christianity is that a large segment of Christians try to translate the Bible literally.  This only leads to kind of a joking atmosphere when discussing certain aspects of Christianity and makes it very hard to take the good parts as, well, good parts.  Since some of these people, who believe so completely that the literal translations are the correction translations, feel compelled to constantly, repeatedly and forcefully enlighten others as to their beliefs, it burns bridges for everyone who falls under the banner of Christianity.  Consequently, those who see the teachings of the Bible as simple lessons of morals are not able to spread that understanding because most listeners have become cynical whenever they are preached at.  It is a shame that all that people hear and see is the inherent holes yelled at them by sidewalk prophets and not the plain belief that the Bible is a list of good ideas set to a classic storied theme.  So, just try to take the Bible as a good story with some ideas and morals to try to live by.  Anything more and you will become disenfranchised when something is proven to be incorrect or unbelievable.
There are special wipes you can purchase to clean them with. They are individually wrapped, like towelettes. You can get them at any computer supply store. Walmart also has them.
Give Him somthing like cds, MP3 Player , digital camera , Tickets for two to a movie, band, match, Try and find out about his hobby accordingly gift him a collectable item, DVD of a classic Movie, A good book - hard back.\n\nI hope this helps
trimmed,no way is a razor touching my sac
Health Insurance is:\ninsurance against expenses incurred through illness of the insured.  \n\nHealth plan:\n\na Choosing between health plans is not as easy as it once was. Although there is no one "best" plan, there are some plans that will be better than others for you and your family's health needs. Plans differ, both in how much you have to pay and how easy it is to get the services you need. Although no plan will pay for all the costs associated with your medical care, some plans will cover more than others.\n\nGo here to learn more...good luck
Only a brief explanation...\nTo sell a product / service to a consumer / customer, we need to get in touch to that person as much as possible to convince him / her to buy.\n1. If you know the streets that consumer often go, you have to be there => that's the billboards, signboards, that's the buses, cabs, that's the stations, malls, supermarkets...\n2. If you know where that person usually hangs out with friends/relatives, you have to be there too => that's the cinemas, theatres, bars, clubs, beaches, resorts...\n3. If you know when he / she usually watches TV or his / her favorite programs, you have to be there again. That's the commercials, that's the sponsorships, the games, football matches...\n4. If you know the specific activities that person likes to perform, try to be at the spot too. That's the events, the shows, the contests, the marathons...\n\n...\n\nThose are called consumer touchpoints. Integrated marketing is all about how you can utilize your resources to be at those touchpoints and win the consumer's hearts. Because when you win his heart, his pocket will follow.\n\nOfcourse, sometimes you know one touchpoint in that consumer's routine, but you just can't afford to be there.
Here are some website to help you on your quest. Good luck.
At this time AMD has the 64 bit, dual core advantage.\n\nYou'd spend less on AMD, but get a noisier computer, hotter CPU.\n\ni'd go with AMD
Is it like the one in the link below?
Things commonly known as LOL or by the three letter acronym LOL include:\n\nLaughing Out Loud — Internet slang indicating laughter \nLOL — a weapon used in the video game Tron 2.0 \nLoyal Orange Lodge \nLoL — the game series of Lands of Lore. \nLoL — the PlayStation game Legend of Legaia. \nLoL — the defunct television soap opera Love of Life. \nDerby Field in Lovelock, Nevada. \nLaurence "Lol" Tolhurst;" former member of The Cure and co-founder of Levinhurst"
The below link is the best I could find so far.
No. We Americans just like our comforts and conveniences. We're free to choose at anytime to do without the alleged  benefits of having petroleum available to us.\n\nBeing a hostage is not a choice...it's being forced do something against one's will. Nobody is forcing anybody to buy their oil;" we do so voluntarily. The human race went on perfectly fine for millions of years before petroleum became popular.\n\nSenator McCain might be correct if he is convinced that he speaks for those who don't realize that every person has free will.\n\nPersonally
this has something to do with the hormones,We  suffer from raped hormonal changes that cause us to get much affected by almost everything.Another thing, God ment to creat us much softer and emotionally more active than men to handle our life responsibilities
Hey, just bringing this old question up for a vote.
before everything make a massage to ur skin with hot water and then u will be ready to shave so softly
Scholars consider The Academy, founded by the Greek philosopher Plato in 387 BC to be the forerunner of the modern university.
I have kidney stones!  I'm being treated for them.  \n\nThe pain is right above your waist on either the right or left side, depending on which kidney is affected.  It feels as if someone is sticking a steak knife into you and twisting it.  AND oddly enough, you feel like you want to lie down on the floor.... like the cold hard surface will somehow ease the pain.  (it doesn't) \n\nSometimes the pain moves with the stones.  If you have them, you'll know.  It's excruciating!
NOOOOOO!
yes
The corporate world means for-profit corporations;" everything that isn't Government
Here's a good site which lists the rules for using semicolons:\n\nhttp://www.wisc.edu/writing/Handbook/Semicolons.html\n\nand another: http://www.virtualsalt.com/semicoln.htm\n\nand another: http://chuma.cas.usf.edu/~olson/pms/semicolon.html
Drinking IS affecting your health if you're blacking out.
If its for one of the free services, just stop using it.  The Yahoo! commputers automatically purge unused accounts after a set period of time.
Try resetting it. For newer iPods, this is done by first switching the Hold switch to locked, then back to unlocked. Then press and hold the Menu button and the center button at the same time for about 10 seconds.\n\nFor further details (including instructions for older iPods and Shuffles), see the below URL.
If your question is about how fast oil will come out of the ground, it varies. There are a very few oil reservoirs in the world where the oil is actually in hollow space, previously caverns, and these can be pumped out as fast as the pumps can go. Most oil comes out of the ground quite slowly, sometimes a well may only pump a few barrels a day. The most prolific wells can produce several thousand barrels a day. However, to get the most oil from the well, the daily production is often limited because allowing it to come out quickly will damage the reservoir and often result in only producing water from the well after a short period. \n\nIf your question is about how oil is created and how long it takes, the answer is millions of years. The real answer is related to how long it takes for the organic material in rock to reach a certain pressure and temperature by burial under other rock. An example is the Lower Miocene age rock near South Padre Island. The oil generation took place between 135 degrees Celsius and 175 degrees Celsius at depths between 3,600 meters and 4,600 meters, while natural gas was generated between 155 degrees to over 200 degrees Celsius and at depths of burial ranging from 4,000 meters to 5,000 meters and greater. This burial process is caused by rivers like the Mississippi River depositing sediment on river deltas. This is what takes millions of years.
Your self, family and freands... For example find around 10 person or more then give your paper works with agrement letter for prove your loyalty. Make they know how much your company income target and what will they get.
My thoughts on that are to push your own confort zone. Do things that you never thaught you'd do, even If you think you won't be good at it. Just have fun with it. Weather it's buying art supplies, and making an awful picture, getting sand paper and sanding down an old piece of furniture and restaining it, doing a public social event if your not very social,Ect. If you start feeling silly about it, or questioning why your doing it, Just remember that its your comfort zone speaking.
The best way to making money online is you can search some good free sites like www.freefivers.co.uk, epanel-uk@ipsos.com and www.ciao.co.uk . Check the above sites and first read the terms and conditions then start your account. Good luck.
I just got done with my MBA, what kind of help do you need?
The GP in the ad most likely refers to the fact that it is 18kt Gold Plated, meaning it is not solid gold. As far as how much to pay for it, look for similar items on websites such as ebay, overstock.com, etc. to get a guideline for what used, plated jewelry is going for.
data warehouse\nA database designed to support decision making in an organization. Data from the production databases are copied to the data warehouse so that queries can be performed without disturbing the performance or the stability of the production systems.\n\nData Marts\nData warehouses can become enormous with hundreds of gigabytes of transactions. As a result, subsets, known as "data marts," are often created for just one department or product line.\n\nUpdated at the End of a Period\nData warehouses are generally batch updated at the end of the day, week or some period. Its contents are typically historical and static and may also contain numerous summaries.\n\nOperational Data Stores\nThe data warehouse is structured to support a variety of analyses, including elaborate queries on large amounts of data that can require extensive searching. When databases are set up for queries on daily transactions, they are often called "operational data stores" rather than data warehouses (see ODS). See OLAP, DSS, EIS and BI software.
I'm sorry, but you'll have to ask your question in English. Yahoo! Answers Community Guidelines state:\n\n"USE ENGLISH ONLY: Please do not use other languages or symbols"\n\nhttp://answers.yahoo.com/info/community_guidelines.php
Noun1.basileus - a ruler of the eastern Roman Empire\nswayer, ruler - a person who rules or commands;" ""swayer of the universe"""
being arround positive thinking and speaking ppl.....and   not doing things I'll regret later.....and  helping other ppl, sometimes....and great sex....and.....Blue skies....warm rain...cool grass on bare feet....    making someone else smile.
Electromagnetic resonance stimulation (eMRS) speeds up the breakdown of lactate, the rapid removal of lactic acid.\nThis means the typical pain disappears more quickly.\n\neMRalso accelerates cell regenration by stimulating metabolism, so that training intervals can be shortened in top-class sport.\nPromotion of circulaton counteracts wear on the joints.\nThe warm-up program stimulates the cell metabolism so that the cells are prepared for performance. Pulled muscles and tendons can thus be avoided
Mortgage bankers tend to use funds from their own credit lines to get you into a mortgage.  Then they sell you to a big company (Countrywide, Homeside, etc) and repay their credit line with those funds and lend to the next person, etc etc.\n\nMortgage brokers take your loan to whomever has the best rates and lowest pricing (or, at least the good ones do).  In theory, your mortgage broker is supposed to shop around FOR you, getting you the best deal.\n\nBut you *must* do your due diligence as a consumer and shop for rates.  Just because someone is friendly and seems honest doesn't mean the next company might not have a lower rate or lower fees.  Get all quotes and estimates in writing, make sure the company making the quote is willing to lock you *SAME DAY* (rates change from day-to-day, and in as little as hour-to-hour).  Make sure you are given a good faith estimate of fees.  Alot of shady brokers/bankers/internet companys say "No points!" but then charge an origination FEE equal to a point+.  (See?  It's a "fee" not a "point"!)\n\n**Do not let prospective agents pull your credit until you have decided who you will do business with!**\nCredit inquiries will diminish your credit score.  You might end up inquiring yourself right out of a good mortgage rate if you have too many recent inquires!\n\nOnce you have those lists of fees and rates, the decision is fairly simple who to do business with.  There are more than enough people out there doing mortgage loans that one company doesn't need to get fat on any one loan.  \n\nGood luck and happy hunting!
You can download the music for free from the following websites :\n\nhttp://www.purevolume.com/\nhttp://www.somesongs.com/\nhttp://www.webjay.org/\nhttp://www.coolgoose.com/\nhttp://www.soundclick.com/\nhttp://www.mag4you.com/\nhttp://www.epitonic.com/\nhttp://www.emusic.com/ -> 50 songs free upon sign up\n\nThe other option is using P2P softwares like limewire, Ares as the other users have already thrown light on that, so I don't need to repeat it again. But remember on thing, its always better to subscribe to some service, paying a minimal fee per month. Both legally, as well as it would give the artists their due share for their artistic creation, and encourage them further to make better songs.
A child support order is based on a number of factors, including the income and expenses of both parents and the percentage of time each parent has custody or visitation.  The amount of time that each parent spends with the child is already figured into the amount of support paid.  Therefore, payments will generally not be suspended during times when the child is with the non-custodial parent.\n\nSuppose for example, the non-custodial parent has the child 10% of the time.  That person will pay higher support than a non-custodial parent who has custody 40% of the time because there is a presumption that support will be provided during the time of custody.  The bigger the custodial burden, the biggest the monetary support will be.
try use mcafee internet security package. one of the component that u can use to limit user to use internet access is privacy service. after install, configure it and add the necessary user. remember. if u not login to privacy services, u cannot use internet. regarding to your purpose to block certain user to use internet. so dont leave your account for privacy serice login state, logout when u leave your computer
Think of all your interests & ask yourself if any of those could be expanded into a business. Just keep in mind...what's your expertise? What are your interests? What could you imagine yourself doing?\n\nThen, once you have some ideas, research, research, research. Check out the competition -- their business practices, pricing, customer service, etc. And also think about what you could offer to set yourself apart from these other companies.\n\nCheck the sources for some handy sites.\n\nPrior to investing your time, money & effort into a business name, it is strongly advised that comprehensive research be conducted to ensure that the name you're interested in is truly available. \n\nThis entails searching the pending & registered Federal and State trademark files as well as the US National Common-Law files. Then, if clear, you can decide if you would like to file for a Federal or a State trademark. \n\nResearch is needed to make sure your trade name is legally available, before opening, before expansion, before incorporation or before designing your logo. Similarities in sound, appearance and meaning affect you too!\n\nThere are 16+ million trade names in use in the United States. Similar names matter, if close in sound, appearance or meaning. Similar names in related classes, distribution channels and customer matter too. You are affected by Common Law use (14 million), State Trademarks (500,000) and Federal Trademarks (2 million).
A voiding cystourethrogram is an x-ray image of the bladder and urethra during urination.\n\nThis test is performed to detect abnormalities of the bladder and the urethra. The test may also detect abnormal bladder emptying or any congenital abnormality. In males, it may detect urethral stricture and the extent of narrowing in the prostatic urethra.\n\nX-rays are a form of electromagnetic radiation like light, but of higher energy, so they penetrate the body to form an image on film. Structures that are dense (such as bone) will appear white, air will be black, and other structures will be shades of gray\n\nUsually, the urinary bladder does not show up well on conventional x-rays. In this examination, a contrast medium is introduced into the bladder to improve visualization.\n\nX-ray images are taken in various positions with the bladder full of contrast and while the bladder is being emptied.
I got a new skateboard and a bakpack. Oh and a lot of fuzzy socks.
web
The Pittsburgh Steelers\n\nThe why is simple, I was born in 76, in NC. There were no football teams in NC in the 80's and my dad raised me in Black & Gold. I grew up watching the Steelers and to me there is no better franchise in the NFL. I even own a Terrible Towell.\n\nWE ARE GOING FOR #5 baby. SUPER BOWL XL
I think they're one of the best bands around today.
I remember the Radio Shack Lie Detector Kit from when I was a kid (that was back in the 1970's)
In the beginning it will be hard to cover the expenses but by attracting more clients to supply content to them the more profitable. It's takes time & persistance.
Teach him/her how to find the information.  Social studies and other 'baby classes' are simply there to teach students to learn how to find information.   I would argue that not a single person remembers anything from 10 year old social studies (whatever grade that is), but the skills you develop learning how to research information are essential in school and life.
ummm, "the dummies guide to everything?"\n(i use that one a lot).
There is absolutely, positively, nothing wrong with asking silly questions\n'Why did the apple fall on the ground why didn't it fall in the sky?' - this silly question was asked by one dude named Newton. I don't know why he asked such a silly question.\nSome people here have a feeling that they are real know-alls and there are others who are just too serious about life. The know-alls must understand that it was by mere chance that they were able to experience or read or learn about a certain fact while others were not so fortunate. For the other types, it will be too late, when they understand that life is to be enjoyed even when you are on your death-bed provided you have the right attitude.
There is one major problem. Electrolyzing the two elements (separating the H2 from O) requires more energy to separate it than it releases.  There is no cost effective way to break the bonds, currently.  The only plus about H2 for Fuel Cell cares is that it lasts longer than batteries (H2 does not die out), 1 L of compressed H2 takes you as far as 1 L of petrol, and it is clean burning.\n\nHowever, the only energy abundant enough to separate the bonds comes from coal, oil, and natural gas.  And since the 1st law of thermodynamics is correct we will be using more energy to make H2 to power our cars than we will at our homes.
I would look at Ebay or Yahoo Auctions.
Take the average of the weighted average figures.Then square the difference between this average and each wighted average numbers used in the calculation of average.Calculate the average of these squared numbers.And-lastly take its square root.The result is the std devn of the weighted averages.
your career counselor/reenlistment NCO.
I think phone calls are more personal than a card.  If she's your friend she will understand why you won't go to the funneral. The next best thing to going in person is always a actual voice on the other line.
That great american and millionaire Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
You haven't said which certification you're interested in, but I'm assuming it's PMI's PMP certification.\n\nI use Rita Mulcahy's book in the PMP prep class that I teach, and it is basically a self-study guide. I've put a link below.\n\nThere are many free resources available on the web, but you need to make sure that anything you use is based on the 2004 version of the Project Management Body of Knowledge, and not the older 2000 version.
Have a look at here:http://help.yahoo.com/help/us/mail/pop/pop-06.html
About 297,000 on weekdays and 457,000 on Sundays.
20
Here's a guy that did it making a lens with the ice, he has pictures and explains it better than I could:\n\nhttp://www.trackertrail.com/survival/fire/ice/rb/rbfirefromice3.html
men are from mars;" women are from venus.\n\nexplains why we are never on the same wavelength
It appears that the question period has expired.  If you have received an answer that meets your needs, please choose one of those as a 'best answer.'  If you haven't received a good answer for your question, you may want to consider the following,\n\n1) Re-post your question.  Newer questions get more activity on Yahoo! Answers than old ones.\n2) If you do re-post your question, consider why it wasn't answered the first time.  Could it be more specific?  Could it be worded better? Were there grammatical or spelling errors? Was it in the best category?\n\nIf it doesn't seem likely that re-posting your question will help you, then here's a listing of my favorite 'answer sites'.  Maybe one of them will help you.\n\nAnswers.com http://www.answers.com/\nBartleby http://www.bartleby.com/\nYahoo Reference http://education.yahoo.com/reference/\nHowStuffWorks http://www.howstuffworks.com/\nWikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page\n\nSince I really haven't answered your question, it is not necessary to give me any points.  Regards.
Sometimes I think it's me.
If there is a heat problem, a computer usually would not restart immediately.\n\nI would try a full Virus and Spyware Scan;" in safe mode
I like the idea about how someone name affects his fate.\nI would name myself Yousef, Having a jewish name is cool (I was thinking this is an arabic name but I have a jew friend with that name so its common between Arabs and Jews and it has the benefits of both :D)\nHis story as a prophet is also cool. \nMost handsome guy of the world, sold as a slave by his brothers, bought by a king, accused by a nympho, spent many years in jail, became king and returned to his family.
It's not inherently doable because MIDI is a format for synthesizing musical instruments, not digital audio.  Any software that claims it can do so is yanking your chain.
It's not an acronym;" it's an exclamation.
Hey there, by the way, it works... Answers may take a while,and they may not be right, but at least you'll get them.
There are free web hosts that have web instruction pages...like FreeWebs, GeoCities, and Tripod, as well as AngelFire and Lycos!.\n\nThere are also free programs that code the web pages for you...however, these are very simple. Try freeserifsoftware.com to find it.\n\nFor a better coding program, using Microsoft FrontPage or Macromedia Dreamweaver. They are both expensive (FrontPage is cheaper and better in my opinion) but its worth the money.
Many states (such as NY) have laws that allow mothers to drop off an unwanted baby at a firehouse or a police station.  No questions will be asked.  Its to prevent people from dumping unwanted children in the trash or just abandoning them someplace else unsafe like the bathroom in a fast food restaurant.
Check here.
It depends on the browser your using:\n\nMicrosoft Internet Explorer\n1. Go to the "Tools" menu.\n2. Select "Internet Options" and the "Content" tab.\n3. Within the "Personal information" area, select "AutoComplete."\n4. Click on "Clear Forms." You can also un-check the "Forms" box in this window to keep this information from being stored in the future.\n5. Click "OK" to exit.\n\nAlternatively, you can delete individual entries from your search history by using the Down arrow key to highlight a previous search, then pressing the Delete key once.\n\nMSN\nIf you're using the Microsoft Network (MSN), changes made in Internet Explorer (IE) will take effect in your MSN browser. After making changes in IE, you'll need to sign out of and back into MSN for the changes to take effect.\n\nMozilla Firefox\n1. Go to the "Tools" menu.\n2. Select "Options" > "Privacy" > "Saved Form Information."\n3. Click "Clear" and un-check the box.\n4. Click "OK" to exit.\n\nNetscape Navigator 8.0\n1. Go to the "Tools" menu.\n2. Select "Options."\n3. Click on the "Privacy" icon on the left side of the Options window.\n4. Select "Page History" and click the "Clear" button. You also have the option to set Navigator's memory to zero days and to place a check mark next to "Clear page History on browser exit."\n5. Select "Search History" and click the "Clear" button. You also have the option to place a check mark next to "Clear page History on browser exit."\n\nYou can clear all of your Privacy settings by clicking on the "Clear All" button at the top the Privacy Options window.
It depends what you consider grown. They have been around longer and know more than you think. If they love you its because they dont want you hurt. Its a sign of maturity to accept advice. We all need it. Listen - learn -and think it over. Except whats good for you. If you make wise decisions they might ease up.
The first thing to do is to NOT post your intentions on the internet for the whole world to read.
theres no gravity dude so if you fliped it over 10 time it would never point the same way every time
Carl Rove, may not be corrupt..They have not convicted him of anything..They are only charges. The media would like you to believe that he is, but he didn't even go to trial yet..You cannot convict a person, before he has his say in front of a jury, of his peers..What he did at the time that he did it, it was legal..The laws were changed after the fact..
Do your own homework kid.
Yes, but it's very difficult and in the end I believe people want to go back to their roots.
Legally, your employer cannot make you start working any earlier than the exact second you shift starts, but you would have to begin work immediately then. If your contract states an 8 hour day with 40 paid minutes break, then that is all you legally have to work.\n\nSadly, the legal system isn't going to pay much attention to five minutes. If your boss tells you five minutes, then you must think about the reprecussions of refusing to do so, as he could easily find reasons to fire you and would be left unquestioned.\n\nAlthough it's not technically 100% legal, think about it practically before taking any action.
This one doesn't really have one clear answer...nowadays I'd probably say Angelina Jolie.
It's not possible you have to buy it just like everyone else who plays, there is no way around it.
would depend on the boiling point of the specific liquid... water, methane, etc.\nthickness is viscosity (or specific gravity)
I am not sure you can anymore, unless you are a citizen.  The Patriot Act requires institutions to "know your customer."  I recently signed up online for a GMAC Bank account and also for a bank in Chicago.  It used to be they would open any account.  They have to be able to verify your identity first idependently.  If you have idependently verifiable proof of your identity issued by a state in the United States, you may be able to open an account.
A. Carnivore- 3. Panda (bad example, but technically true- the Lesser or Red panda IS a meat eater.)\nB. Even toe- 5. Pigs\nC. Insectivore- 1. Mole\nD. Marsupial- 6. Possum\nE. Monotreme- 9. Echidnas\nF. Odd-toes- 8. Horses\nG. Primates- 4. Tamarins\nH. Rodents- 2. Beavers\nI. Edentates- 7. Armadillos\nJ. Pagolins- 10. Scaly Anteater
I would live my life as if I always have. If you live your life like its your last five minutes, you really can't go wrong. I would like to say I live my life like it is my last everyday. Even though sometimes I don't, I try to live like its my last. So the answer would have to be the same as any other day.
An Oracle Database Administrator holds a key role in keeping the system up and running and hence, whatever business it supports up and running. It is a very technical role. They are typically the ones who move objects (tables, views, triggers, functions...) from one environment to the next (Development-->test-->production). They work closely with developers who write software to read/write/update/delete data to and from the database.  They monitor database size allocations and make adjustments for growth. they determine proper data elements that should be used for indexes so that searches against the database run quickly for customers. There is much more. It is a demanding job and they are often the first ones who are required to 'get the system back up and running' when the database goes nutty. (like when someone accidently submits a wacked out query doing a full table scan.\na SUN administrator is different than a DBA because they do not focus on the database but they keep the server hardware running that the database runs on. They monitor server performance and deploy other custom written unix or java applications that programmers have developed. they too get involved with 'getting the system back up' when something goes haywire. It is also a very technical role and requires great knowledge of the unix commands and operating system.
Capillaries are extremely small vessels located within the tissues of the body that transport blood from the arteries to the veins. Capillary walls are thin and are composed of endothelium (a single layer of overlapping flat cells). Oxygen, carbon dioxide, nutrients and wastes are exchanged through the thin walls of the capillaries. Capillaries are so small that red blood cells can only travel through them in single file.
Chapter 7 is a liquidation action.  There is no bankruptcy repayment plan per se, but the trustee gathers together all of the debtor's non-exempt assets and sells them and distributes them to the creditors in accordance to the bankruptcy code.\n\nChapter 11 is a reorganization action usually involving partnerships or corporations and very occasionally individuals.  A chapter 11 debtor usually proposes a plan of reorganization to keep its business alive and pay creditors over time.\n\nA great overview can be found here:\nhttp://www.uscourts.gov/bankruptcycourts/bankruptcybasics.html
Why dont you get yourself a pet dog (or some other freaky pets) which would probably scare her off.
The Youghiogheny River, or Yough (pronounced "yawk") for short, in Ohiopyle, PA is a fantastic white water rafting river.  There are several levels of rafting on it, from basic to adventure, depending on which part you raft. I've been on it many times.  It's about 4 hours from Columbus or Cleveland.
Well, they could pour exactly half a barrel of wine into the barrel and see whether it overflows.
if you mean zero it means less than one\nhowever if you mean alphebet "o" it means Outstanding
yes it is. its about 2 in up ur va**** and it makes u scream when u play with it
you can't.\nbuy a CCNA book from borders and study hard. or see if a local school offers a course. its super-difficult to pass.
Myrrh is a resin (tree sap) and is used in making incense. It used to be and still is to some extent very valuable.
personally i wouldnt recommand installin xp on such unit. there are plenty of afortable units which can carry xp splendidly.
There are resume writing services available on-line.  \n\nIf you are unwilling to use spell check, you should use a paid service.
checkout foloowing link..\nhttp://www.pcurtis.com/webtut.htm\n\nmay help you ...
Umbrian & Italian
Valtrex is an antiviral agent used in the treatment of herpes zoster (shingles), genital herpes and is also being used for herpes simplex (cold sores).
the heart
www.pcb.com.pk
Why don't you pay it off?  Get rid of all debt that you can.  It is the best way to keep yourself safe from rising interest rates.  If you can get yourself to the point that you are paying your CC bill in FULL every month and not carrying any balance from month to month you won't have any intereste acrued.  They don't charge you if you pay the balance in FULL each month.  As for Banks - maybe you have a line of credit with your's - Don't use it any more.  Just plain and simple.  Live within your means and not on the banks loaned money.
They are most likely spam.
Its suppose to be anywhere USA now thats why ADA came into being! Please go to the site and read! Lots of info! Everyone should have the same access!
if your'e setting up a bookkeeping system for a smalll business, would suggest a trip to Office Max, Office Depot or Staples.  They have in their business supplies section books made just for this.  They are a little expensive, but are IRS approved for use.
That depends on how you define the word "computer."\n\nA succession of steadily more powerful and flexible computing devices were constructed in the 1930s and 1940s, gradually adding the key features of modern computers, such as the use of digital electronics (invented by Claude Shannon in 1937) and more flexible programmability. Defining one point along this road as "the first computer" is exceedingly difficult. Notable achievements include the Atanasoff-Berry Computer, a special-purpose machine that used valve-driven (vacuum tube) computation, binary numbers, and regenerative memory; the secret British Colossus computer (1944)
Whatever kind you use just go slow and keep it cool. The extreme heat will ruin your magnet.
I think it's somewhere along the lines of "rye" or "ray", but I could be wrong.
Paint is made from a mixture of a pigment and a binding medium, usually thinned with a solvent to form a liquid vehicle.
Depends on what you want to do, as with anything else. If you're working with LAMP systems (linux, mysql, php) I know a lot of people who prefer Mac laptops because they have unix underneath and they can just go into the command prompt to do a lot of stuff for development without messing up their production environment.
I think its a possibility. It definitely can't be disproven.
Thailand is largely tropical, so it's hot and humid all year around with temperatures in the 28-35°C range, a degree of relief provided only in the mountains in the far north of Thailand. The careful observer will, however, note three seasons:\n\n    * Cool: From November to the end of February, it doesn't rain much and temperatures are at their lowest, although you will barely notice the difference in the south and will only need to pack a sweater if hiking in the northern mountains, where temperatures can fall as low as 5°C. This is the most popular time to visit and, especially around Christmas and New Year's, finding flights and accommodation can be expensive and difficult. \n\n    * Hot: From March to June, Thailand swelters in temperatures as high as 40°C. Quite nice when sitting on the beach with a coconut in hand, but not the best time of year to go temple-tramping in Bangkok. \n\n    * Rainy: From July to October, although it only really gets underway in September, tropical monsoons hit most of the country. This doesn't mean it rains non-stop, but when it does it pours and flooding is not uncommon. \n\nNote that there are local deviations to these general patterns. In particular, the south-east coast of Thailand (including Ko Samui) has the rains reversed, with the peak season being May-October and the rainy off season in November-February. \n\nDecide :D and rate me best answer
Hard to believe, but Man does this in order to advance. We are given the gift to choose and then learn from our mistakes.
1981,1982 - Craig Morton\n1983 - John Elway
Like the answers we give, the points an asker grants you is a matter of personal choice. The same answer to the same question asked by 5 different people would probably get you at least 4 diferent point values.\n\nIf it makes you feel better, I hearby grant you 20 points for your question. However, those points aren't worth much... kinda like a solar-powered flashlight.
Family. It is your business and without it you have no business.
The service provider usually provides you the facility of keeping track of your MB/GB usage. You can also call their helpline to know the same at any time. If you would like to personally monitor the usage yourself, you have softwares like DU Meter ( http://www.dumeter.com ), NET Traffic Meter, BW Meter ( http://www.desksoft.com/BWMeter.htm ), etc.
http://www.jimmyr.com/Best_Peer_to_Peer_Networks.php
sure, but watch out - she just might strap on a d!ldo and take you from behind.
Depends what email system you are trying to send it with. Many email services block the transfer of digital music in the form of mp3, wma, and wav. If this is the case you can often get around it by either \n\n1.Zip the file \n2.Rename the extension to something strange and after the recipient receives it, they can rename it back to its original extension (i.e. .mp3).
The history of the abbreviation OK is not what you'd expect. Some think that it comes from the Chocktaw affirmative okeh, or the Greek olla kalla, or others. The truth is that in the 1830's in New England, initialisms were the fad. Much like TGIF and FYI in modern times, in fact. The craze even went into generating letter combinations of intentional misspellings. Popular ones were "K.G." for "know go", "K.Y." for "know use", and "O.W." for "oll write". "O.K." naturally followed, standing for "oll korrect". O.K. is the only one that survived through the years. It's because of Martin Van Buren, elected our eighth president in 1836. He was born in Kinderhook, New York. Early in his political career, he was nicknamed "Old Kinderhook", which echoed the Oll Korrect initialism. OK became the rallying cry of the Old Kinderhook Club, a political organization supporting Van Buren during the 1840 campaign. The initials stuck as what H. L. Mencken described as "the most shining and sucessful Americanism ever invented".
There are several ways.\n\nYou can do a Yahoo or Google search.\n\nYou can searhc wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org\n\nYou can go to your local library if the place of interest is local.  You can look through old newspapers and references.\n\nYou can go to your local library if the place has enough of a reputation that your library would have a book about it.\n\nYou can call the historical society in the area where the point of interest is.\n\nYou can call the point of interest, especially if there is a protecting foundation or some such.
lol..Steelers..they win , they can stop the seahawks run..did you see how SA was shining the second half against the pan?..steelers d is not gonna lay down like that...the hawks have an antsy QB ,the blitz will be perfect..HAHAHAHAHA.....they(hawks have alot of talent, i see how under a great coach they have strived to be better..they deserve to be where they are....but did you see RoeRoe(QB) on fire!!!???!!he was in the zone and the oc was pulling out all the stops...i look forward to the super bowl two great teams and two of the most emotional coaches in the game..since they both had 30 plus points in the last playoff games.... this Extra Large(XL)Superbowl should be one for the ages!!....now the superbowl wait begins!! ...Ben AKA RoeRoe.. Super Bowl MVP!!
You can buy a roller coaster kit at most hobby stores. The most popular are the ones by Miniature Amusements, Knex, Coaster Dynamix, and Imaginarium. Some of the kits are challenging, but a lot of fun when you finish them. I had the most success with the Knex roller coaster kits - lots of fun! Do a Yahoo search under any of those names to get more information. Good luck and have fun!
Jules Mazarin, born Giulio Raimondo Mazzarino (July 14, 1602, Pescina, Italy – March 9, 1661, Vincennes, France) served as the chief minister of France from 1642, until his death. Mazarin succeeded his mentor, Cardinal Richelieu.\n\nBiography\nMazarin's early military and diplomatic experience, which marked him as a friend of France in the contests between French and Spanish factions in papal politics, recommended him to Richelieu. As papal vice-legate at Avignon (1632), and nuncio extraordinary in France (1634), Mazarin was perceived as an extension of Richelieu's policy, and under Habsburg pressure, Mazarin was dismissed by Urban VIII, January 17, 1636. Mazarin immediately went to Paris, offered his services to Richelieu and was naturalized as a French citizen by April. The apex of his diplomatic services was the secret treaty between France and Tomasso of Savoy signed late in 1640. The following year, at Richelieu's insistence, Mazarin made cardinal.\n\nAs Louis XIII died in 1643, and Louis XIV was only a child — Mazarin functioned essentially as the ruler of France: although the 5-year-old Louis XIV became king in 1643, under the regency of queen mother Anne of Austria, and until his death in 1661, Mazarin directed French policy. His modest manner contrasted with the imperious Richelieu, and Anne was so fond of him and so intimate in her manner with him, that long-standing rumors that they had been secretly married and that the Dauphin was their offspring.\n\nA fictionalized Mazarin is a major character in Alexandre Dumas' novel, Twenty Years After. In it, Mazarin is portrayed as power-hungry, paranoid, and greedy.\n\n[edit]\nMazarin's policies for France\nMazarin continued Richelieu's anti-Habsburg policy and laid the foundation for Louis XIV's expansionism. The victories of Condé and Turenne brought the French party to the bargaining table at the conclusion of the Thirty Years War with the Treaty of Munster and Treaty of Osnabrück (Treaty of Westphalia), in which Mazarin's policies were French rather than Catholic and brought Alsace (though not Strasbourg) to France;" he settled Protestant princes in secularized bishoprics and abbacies in reward for their political opposition to Austria. In 1658 he formed the League of the Rhine
Go to Company Info at the boteem of yahoo.com and see if you can find anything there
http://pubs.acs.org/\n\nBut the website is down for maintenance.
Mo Pete gave back what he got and got tossed, but "Superstar" Vince (I threw games) Carter didn't and he did the exact same thing...
I think you just answered your own question bud. How can one "believe" in a theory? Sadly enough many people do, and do so ignorantly. Darwin's theory of evolution is popular in the scientific community right now, not becuase it's right, but becuase it's the best answer they have for the time being. Much like when people thought the earth was flat.
Egypt, Ethiopia, Liberia, and South Africa (although SA was still ruled under apartheid)
Notre Dame cannot stop the Ohio State offense.  Their only hope to stay close is to win the turnover and special teams battles.\n\nGiven the history of Tressel's Ohio State teams, I see OSU winning 35-24, but the game won't be as close as the score.\n\nI agree with the previous answer, ND would kill Old Dominion.
Colours usually are very ancient words in any language. I find it likely that many colour words were derived from objects in the vicinity of the people that usually bear the colour. Green might be linguistically related to the pre-ancients' term for grass, yellow to the sun, red to blood, etc.
I have been working diligently to find the answer to your question over a month ago. Here's what I got: Small-sided games are better than drills. It teaches players to be creative as opposed to rigid training that does not allow for such a thing. There are a number of things I would like you to check out for yourself. See which one might work.
"The Embassy of the United States of America to the United Kingdom is situated at the American Embassy London Chancery Building in Grosvenor Square, Westminster, London. The Embassy is the largest American diplomatic building in the world, employing over 750 staff. The building is the focal point for events relating to the United States held in the United Kingdom."
Legally 18 is not too young but I would wait until you are older. You will miss out on so much in life and life experiences if you marry so young. If it is meant to be, then you can still marry the person in 5 years or so.
it's customary for married couples to give out ang pao (hong pao) because 'married couples' are considered adults.\nang pao signifies 'good luck' & 'may you grow up asap'...\nin the 1960s & way way before that, majority of the chinese are poor people or peasants. so, during chinese new year, the adults gave out ang pao so that the unmarried adults may have good luck in love or career (or good harvest) , to get married soon. then they gave children ang pao, so that they can grow up strongly & taller for that year, & join in their parents to work in the fields.
A returning boomerang is a propeller. Though it is not a requirement that the boomerang be in its traditional shape, it is usually flat. A falling boomerang starts spinning and most then fall in a spiral. When the boomerang is thrown with high spin, the wings produce lift. Larger boomerangs are used in hunting, thus they drop on the ground after striking the target. Smaller ones are use in sport, and are the only boomerangs that return to the thrower. No one would think a spinning object flies a straight line, neither does the boomerang, it flies a turn or to be clearly: It flies on a circle. So it naturally returns to its starting point unless all spin is eaten up. Now in more detail:\n\nReturning boomerangs consist of two or more arms or wings, connected at an angle. Each wing is shaped as an airfoil, air travels faster over one surface of an airfoil than the other, as it follows the longer path, thus creating lift, along what is roughly a plane which intersects the airfoil at a near right angle along the long axis of the wing.\n\nThese wings are set so that the lift created by each wing opposes the lift of the other, but at an angle such that the flight pattern is constantly shifted as the forces of lift, drag, speed, rotational inertia etc. 'attempt' to reach equilibrium, see Boomerang engineer.\n\nThis is what makes the boomerang 'return gracefully to the hurler, fluttering to a stop in his hand'... when thrown correctly. This is also what makes the boomerang 'rocket straight up into the air before plunging to its shattered doom'... when thrown incorrectly. With the exception of long-distance boomerangs, they should not be thrown sidearm or like a frisbee, but rather almost vertically.\n\nFast Catch boomerangs usually have three symmetrical wings (in the planform view), whereas a Long Distance boomerang is most often shaped very similar to a question mark. Maximum Time Aloft boomerangs have one wing considerably longer than the other. This feature, along with carefully executed bends and twists in the wings, help to set up an 'auto-rotation' effect to maximize the boomerang's hover-time in descending from its highest point in the flight.\n\nProminent boomerang designer/builders include Bob Burwell and Tony Butz from Australia, Rusty Harding from the USA, Jerri Leu from Brazil and others.\n\nFollow the link for more information.\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boomerang#Design
Doesn't sound too good. Talk to him. If he is reluctant to answer you, then you need to tell him that. Explain what is bothering you so that it doesn't seem that you are getting upset over nothing. You have a reason to question what is going on becauseof the fact that he has slept with her in the past. He would be suspicious too if the roles were switched. If he keeps getting defensive even when you are open about your worries then you need to put your foot down because he shouldn't be keeping things like this a secret from you... Bottom line... he wouldn't be defensive if there was nothing to hide.
Unless the fire truck is told otherwise, it should go to the fire that it was originally sent to.  The dispatcher will have a much better picture of what resources are available to fight both fires and they should make the decisions on which truck to send to which fire.\n\nLike with any emergency service, the situation can change from minute to minute.  The fire truck should radio the dispatcher and inform them of the new fire.  The dispatcher might already have another fire truck on the way or they might redirect the truck to the recently observed fire.\n\nYou also have to consider the type of fire involved.  A fire at a hospital full of patients will have higher priority than a fire an an empty warehouse.  Each case is different.
In the AFC it will come down to the Steelers or Colts. The Colts are fantastic, but the Steelers are as well. Aside from the loss to the Colts and the Patriots by three, the Steelers lost three games due to injuries. Those three games Jaguars, Ravens and Bengals all came down to the final minutes or overtime and all were by 6 points or less and in two of those games Maddox gave up six turnovers. Now they are all healthy and running on momentum. The Colts I'm sure will be ready, but I don't know if they will be flat or not for essentially not playing for a couple of weeks. With Jerome Bettis considering retirement and the superbowl in his hometown I think the Steelers have extra motivation. The defense is playing very well right now too. During the game with the Colts the Steelers lost 26-7, and they should have. But Big Ben's knees were still iffy and he broke his thumb halfway though the game. The Steelers did not run the ball 35 times, only 20 some. When they run the ball 35 times or more they are somehting on the order of 102-2. The Steelers had a chance to score 10 as they missed a field goal and the Colts scored 3 at the very end so there is the possibility that the game could have been 23-10. The Colts got a touchdown very early in the game in which the d-back did not stay with his responsibility. So say that mistake could have made the game 15-10. Aside from another touchdown the Colts scored three field goals. I think both teams are very even and it will be a very close game, something the Steelers have seen but the colts have not.
You would have to ask the police. Doing it by yourself would be illegal.
I don't know, but if you have a big enough record you can get your record sealed-Did they have you fill out a CORI request? If so I'd say that they will check.....
Sex is all about desire. And after you want someone so much, and you love who they are in their entirety, sharing it with the one you love is the best answer. Sex is not just a game, and it is not just a physical thing, there is so much more depth to sex. Sex is 90 percent emotion, 10 percent physical driven. Once you have found the one who you love and cherish, and want to spend the rest of your life with.. you will feel more "mind blowing" physical reactions. Sex isn't about the feeling, it's about pleasing your partner, and them saying thank you, by pleasing you back. Making love, is making music with your body. Not just two people all up ons.
No, first of all the Steelers are an extremely tough team on the road.  Then they have to face either Denver or the Patriots.  This is not a foregone conclusion for the AFC title at all.  They could easily lose to any of the three teams left in the AFC.
Tell them anyway.
what are trees?
Once a man and twice a child,we are born as a little child,then we are mature,then we grow old ,and become like a child again.it's a circle or a cycle.
I would say yeas, but go to a doctor and they will confirm the test with either a better urine test or blood. \n\nI use to have irregular periods all the time. My husband and I were trying to have a baby for three years we had two others from previous marriages. We finally got frustrated and decided that maybe it wasnt ment to be. All test were negative. So I was going to get my tubes tied to be done with it as depressing as it was. I went in for my prep the doctor did an ultrasound and said, "sorry we cant do the procedure". I then was frustrated and said, "why the heck not now, am I that screwed up that I cant even get my tubes tied. my husband and I just want to end the pain of trying" He said, "you are gonna have a baby!" I couldnt believe it.
http://www.verizon.net/getyahoo  i'm a verizon DSL tech!!
0x800CC70 is Relaying Prohibited error. Try this : \nOpen Outlook Express, and \nTools > Accounts\nClick on Mail tab\nSelect your email account that is giving you the problems. \nClick on Properties\nClick on Servers tab\nUnder the Outgoing Mail Server frame, make sure that My Server require authentication is enabled. \nClick on Settings under it\nSelect Logon using the same settings as my incoming server. \nClick on OK\nClick on Apply\n\nNow try sending.
Nah, but your hurting the other sites because they'll be caught easily. Its bad that your exposing treasured sites like that but in a way, its good because your helping the law. Overall opinion, just do it.
Your nose.
Naples is a city located in Collier County, Florida. As of the 2000 census, the city had a total population of 20,976.
Had sex with two different guys on the same day.
Implants are a great option for replacing missing teeth.  A titanium "screw" is placed in your bone by an oral surgeon.  The surgeon covers the screw with your gum tissue to let it heal.  This screw heals for 3-6 months, depending which tooth is being replaced.  The bone integrates around the screw.  After it is healed, the screw is uncovered.  A dentist then bonds a "tooth" on the screw.  Once it is complete, the implant functions and looks like a normal tooth.  You can eat and floss like normal.  Most patients say the implant does not hurt being placed.
When you are comfortable being single.  You can't incorporate someone else's life with yours until you are comfortable with yours.  Really has a lot to do with being ready to give up a lot personally because you love someone else enough to do so.  I approached marriage from a standpoint where I based my expectations on what i would expect my self to do.  If you are ready to do that type of introspection and self analysis have at it my friend it is the best thing you can do!
http://www.cool1013.com/
Usually clouds have no thickness. It's all in a matter of knowing how air moisture feels to you. Basically a cloud is a floating piece of condensated pond moisture.
http://gaim.sourceforge.net/
10^2 or 100
born\n<repeat>eat, poop</repeat>\n<repeat>procreate</repeat>\ndie
I think we will.  I think we will see all our loved ones that have passed and made it through the gates.  It makes the thought of death less scary to know that we will be reunited w/ family.
Study up on which foods have the things you need. Nuts are good, so are beans and so are eggs. If you eat those things then you're probably alright! If you are very concerned, you can talk to a doctor and they can help you figure out if you need protein supplements or something:-) Good luck!
Well miss chai(doesnt it mean tea in hindi?) It's upto u to tell it to her in the nicest possible way and move away from her or u cannot commit blunders so badly that she herself leaves u.
I like your question and your answer.  You NAILED it.  Bush got caught with his foot in his mouth.  His attempt to spread democracy in the middle east his way backfired on him.  Yep, instead of congratulating hamas on their elected victory, something he's not too familiar with, he wants them to renounce terrorism and put down their weapons, or take away their foreign aid money.  Now that I think about it, would Bush even be in office if we had fair elections?
People made up the words and society decides that they are curse words based on things that it considers to be things we shouldn't talk about.
run. weights. don't eat too much sugar or oily foods
the proper diet is being able to know what weight you want to have.  If you are reduding, eat more fiber. that way you get rid of a lot of fats.  If you want to gain weight, eat more and enjoy yourself.  If you want to lose a lot of weight, i suggest you get a lot prolems. hehehehe!
10 * 12 = 120, so 10 = 120/12\n120/12 + 5/12 = 125/12
The only way I can think of is never to send emails with your email account and never tell anyone what your email address is.  But that kind of defeats the purpose of having an email address.  If you get too much, you can change to another email address and be more careful about who you give your address to.  It still won't be foolproof.  \n\nYou can set up spam filters in most email accounts.  But the spammers are working hard to get around those too.
you may wanna reword the question because it does not make sense!
It depends on what type of insurance you're looking for. I guessing in this case you mean medical insurance. There are a ton of medical insurance providers and basically what it comes down to is what you need that service to provide. Many colleges provide medical insurance to the students who need it, ask your college what services  there insurance provides and where they are covered. For a list of insurance providers look at the links below. There is a link specifically for stundents.
Yes it is free. A simple download application will give you everything you need. Go to yahoo.com and search m4v to mp4 converter. it's like the 1st one listed
Tan Sri Dr Koh Tsu Koon (born 1949) is a Malaysian politican and currently is Penang's Chief Minister. He has held the position since 1990. He is a member of Gerakan political party in which he is currently the Deputy President. Born in Penang, he attended the Princeton University and University of Chicago in the 1970s, where he obtained his PhD in Economics and Sociology of Education. Koh is married to Chui Kah Peng and has two children.
Patience...extreme patience. Don't forget you love her.
I abandoned someone I loved and who loved me when the person most needed me. I have never really forgiven myself for what I did. I worry that a situation will occur that I can't deal with and will leave again. So I wonder if I can trust myself or if others can trust me. This one act has affected me for thirty years. I should have gotten counseling a long time ago, so I could forgive myself and move on. You sound really hurt by what you did, so you did not screw up because you don't care about other people. People can do really bad things, see the light, and learn better ways of taking care of themselves and others. You can't change the past, so get help, find ways to forgive yourself, seek, if you can, the forgiveness of the people you hurt, and try not to be so stupid, selfish, or out of control (whatever fits) in the future. The only thing you need to give up is your identification of yourself as a bad person. Practice trying to think about what you are doing and whether it's the right thing. My way of deciding ethical questions is simple: what would the world be like if everybody did what (ever) I am contemplating doing? If it is not a place I would want to be, I don't do it. Please find help (if you don't have money, try county mental health). See a priest or rabbi, talk to your mom or a favorite relative, see a doctor - do something. If what you did is related to drugs or alcohol, you may be able to get help through AA. Talk to someone so you can get perspective of what happened. You don't have to be afraid, it doesn't have to haunt you or ruin your future. Seek another path. Peace.
Have the woman stand on her head with chicken bones between her toes while the man spins around yodeling and throwing split peas.  This must be done for a full 5 minutes before having sex.\n\nIf you are able to have sex after doing this, you deserve whatever you desire the baby to be.
The next time she asks to borrow something, say "We'll see. I'd be more inclined to lend it to you if you returned my (insert borrowed item here)." Or, you could just be completely up-front with her and say, "I never mind lending you my things, you just seem to have a problem returning them. Could I ask you why?"
Don't know////////
Based on ratings for the week of Jan 16th, 2006 (The best gauge of what most people are watching, which follows logically that it would be the most liked):\n\nBroadcast TV:  American Idol\nCable TV:  High School Musical\nSyndication:  Wheel of Fortune\nAmong Blacks:  American Idol\nAmong Hispanics:  Piel de Otono
Not necessarily their father. My father was a jerk and thus not what I want, and guys who act like him or even sound a little like him are a big turn-off. But one of my uncles was my big male role model, and I often find myself with guys a lot like him. The boyfriend I dated the longest even had nearly-identical handwriting...it was kind of funny, really.
Nope 98.44% is the best you cam hope for.
I dnt know either! lol
What kind of a life can one have without knowledge?   What kind of a job can one get without an education?  I am 46 and continue to learn on a daily basis!  I hope it never stops.
Yes they are really good, but make sure they come from a real coconut tree. There are trees that people sell and they say they are coconuts but their not.
this policy is not as simple to implement as it seems. \nespecially in democracies, it is tough to implement such policies.\n\nAlso, with better education, typically population growth goes down.
I was doing a search around for this and the only thing I could find was this: http://forums.us.dell.com/supportforums/board/message?board.id=dce_djmusic&message.id=13731&query.id=72811#M13731  \n- I'm not sure it will help though, you got to be a coder to do this.  Good luck.
Avocado and Tomatoes have the all around best vitamins for your body. (less sugars as well if ur watching what u eat) Mangos and Cantaloupe would be next down the list.... Check this site out if u really wanna know more:)\nhttp://www.healthalternatives2000.com/fruitchart.htm
The use of the word "symptom" is the first sign.
There is not a single one that is the best.  They are all good.  Just type ps2 cheats on yahoo search and it will bring up lots of useful ones.
see your medical doctor, especially if it has lasted more than one day, you have fever, chills, sweats, etc. or if you have nausea, vomiting, etc.\nDon't gamble with your life
Take a look at Comeclean.com. Not only does it allow you to post your confessions, but it also allows you to view random confessions from other people. It also has a really interesting way of displaying the confessions. I think you'll enjoy it.
There is a Turkish Yahoo!. Go to options>account information>member information>change preferred content to Yahoo!Turkey.
its pretty easy go to this website : http://www.msgshit.com/windows_live_messenger_invites
I gotta find the answer, it's here somewhere. I'll look for it later.
=) me
Some exameples are: skateboarding, inline skating, snowboarding, or one of the more extremer sports, such as Moto X, skysurfing and kytesurfing.\n\nExtreme sport (practically synonymous with the term action sport) is a general term for sports featuring speed, height, danger or spectacular stunts. A feature of such activities in the view of some is their alleged capacity to induce a so-called ‘‘adrenaline rush’’ in participants (a misnomer, since often the rush or high obtained is a product of increased levels of dopamine endorphins and serotonin).\n\nExtreme sports are often associated with young adults wishing to push themselves to the limits of their physical ability and fear, in turn pushing the boundaries of a particular sport. This youthful demographic accounts too for extreme sports’ frequent association with youth culture, not restricted to clothing fashions and music.\n\nSome contend that the distinction between an extreme sport and a conventional one is as much to do with marketing as it is to do with perceptions about levels of danger involved or the amount of adrenaline generated. Snowboarding thus has a more extreme ‘‘image’’ than skiing due to differing marketing strategies and the fact of being a newer sport, even though skiing is a faster and at least equally dangerous activity.
gymnastics, tennis, skiing, tubing on the water, umm..volleyball, and dance..
Rappers don't get paid jack.  If they can't cover more than what they can for the help, they get little to nothing.  That's just because 85% of those guys have little to no common sense, think ebonics is a primary language, and probably are just dropouts.  In life and school.  Prime example: 50 Cent was a hoodlum before he became a rapper.  Thing is, he's a great businessman so props to that jigga.
hi-fi \n\n\nHigh fidelity.\n\nAn electronic system for reproducing high-fidelity sound from radio or recordings\n\n\nThe noun hi-fi has 2 meanings:\n\nMeaning #1: equipment for the reproduction of sound with high fidelity\n  Synonym: high fidelity sound system\n\n\nMeaning #2: the reproduction of sound with little or no distortion\n  Synonym: high fidelity
Another natural product to look into is stevia, which is extremely sweet. A tiny pinch will sweeten an entire cup of cofee, and it avoids all the chemicals.
if it is messed with it releases these long white strands from its pores
First thing I would do is tell her how you've been feeling and then grab her hand so she will feel safe and you seem believable and then in a calm voice look her in the eye and tell her it would be an honor if she would join you for dinner and a movie.
NO
Find women that are into open relationships.  That way everything is fair and honest for everyone.
you only need a few cc's
One uses a deadly weapon the other does not.\n\nAlso assault is a misdemeanor, while in some jurisdictions aggrevated assault is a felony.
If they are on your legs elevate them.
The term "five" was actually coined by Abe Lincoln during the Great Depression.  Before then, people just held their breaths between four and six.
no
it depends on how you will use it if you want it as a srver fedora is the best if you want it for home use mandriva is suitable if you don't need to install linux you can use knoppix live cd.\n\nand after all i recommend you to have a look at arabian a magnificent live-cd that could be also installed. it contains tons of programmes. you can found it at http://arabian.arabicos.com\nyou can visit some comparison sites
Try www.traveljungle.com - this checks flights for all airlines including budget ones.
female i say jennifer lopez she has a booty \nmale i say deangelo there is not a soul alive who couldnt help but drool when they saw that video how does it feel when he was naked
because they could inflict a poisonous bite when irritated.
The abacus is for adding.  You have a place for ones, tens, hundreds, etc.  When you slide all the beads down on one, you flip the next and return the beads to the top to keep track.\n\nLots of math formulas are useful.  I don't understand that question.
Eukaryotic (versus prokayotic).  Neurons are pretty complex as far as Eukaryotic cells are concerned, as are gamete cells.
Uncle Tom's Cabin is a novel by American abolitionist author Harriet Beecher Stowe which treats slavery as a central theme. The work was first published on March 20, 1852. The story focuses on the tale of Uncle Tom, a long-suffering African American slave, the central character around whose life the other characters—both fellow slaves and white slave owners—revolve. The novel dramatizes the harsh reality of slavery while also showing that Christian love and faith can overcome even something as evil as enslavement of fellow human beings.\n\nUncle Tom's Cabin was the best-selling novel of the 19th century (and the second best-selling book of the century after the Bible)[1] and is credited with both helping to start the American Civil War and helping to fuel the abolitionist cause in the United States.\n\nDespite these positive effects, the book also helped create and spread common stereotypes about African Americans, many of which endure to this day. Among the stereotypes in the book include the affectionate, dark-skinned mammy; the pickanniny stereotype of black children;" and the Uncle Tom
nautical mile\nn. (Abbr. nm)\nA unit of length used in sea and air navigation, based on the length of one minute of arc of a great circle, especially an international and U.S. unit equal to 1,852 meters (about 6,076 feet). Also called sea mile.\n\nTo convert from miles (nautical) to:\n\nfeet, multiply by 6076.115. \nkilometers, multiply by 1.852. \nmeters, multiply by 1852. \nmiles (statute), multiply by 1.1516. \nyards, multiply by 2025.37. \n\nThe international standard definition is: 1 nautical mile = 1852 metres (exactly).
Opera all the way!!  I have been using it for more than 6 years, it never let me down.  However some websites are designed only for IE or Firefox, so they provide some problems.  Otherwise, it has tabbed browsing, voice-activated commands, file manager, email client, notes manager, mouse gestures, sessions saving (so you don't have to remember which websites you visited the last time), etc.
ethonol
you mean to make it portable.  It depends upon your needs.  a flash drive is nice but if you have a  lot of music (say more than 1GB), then save it on webspace or better yet, on your hard drive and make the hard drive accessible from the internet.  http://www.aprelium.com/  is a good place to get a free web server software that lets you protect your web site with cgi-based password protection.  Also it supports directory listing so you need to know no HTML programming.
I doubt it. Has anyone ever been arrested for pulling the tag off of a mattress?
how old are you? I won't suggest you a college if you are 13.
In India we had a great actress called Smita Patil, worked in great Hindi and Marathi movies and won many awards. She died of brain stroke in young age.
What do you want to know? The actual A-T, C-G order?\nHonestly, if we knew that, we would probably have a great idea how to fix the disease.
playstation 2 is a console just like xbox, u attach it to your tv and play games on it. isn't it enough ?
OK THAT IS IT!!! We don't really chuck wood okay! And if i did, i wouldn't tell you anyway. So stop asking already... i've had it with you guys!
My wife was thirty-five. she commited to the concept of virginity until marriage when she was a little girl, and amazingly she acomplished exactly that !! Now, if you are going to make a choice in your life you should always look into the pros and cons of an issue, and then make the soundest choice you can based on those researched facts. Be very careful not to allow your emotions to tempt you into something you're not prepared to handle long-term.
You may have to trouble shoot your computer... Or it could also be the website or internet connection. It all depends on your proccessor.
The nucleus, present in eukaryotic cells, is a discrete structure containing chromosomes, the genetic blueprint of the cell. Separated from the cytoplasm of the cell by a double-layered membrane called the nuclear envelope, the nucleus contains a cellular material called nucleoplasm. Nuclear pores, around the circumference of the nuclear membrane, allow the exchange of cellular materials between the nucleoplasm and the cytoplasm.
Why of course CHICAGO. We have hundreds of fancy resturants downtown located on the infamous Magnificent Mile ( Michigan Ave) with hundreds of stores and boutiques such as Eddie Bauer, A disney Store , Coach, Steve Madden and Stacy Adams, Tiffany's and Even a Victoria Secret( Vicky's Secret). We have many attractions such as Navy Pier, Art Institute, Millenium Park ( newest attraction), and a lot of other famous Attraction. Let's not forget the Sears Tower and Water Tower. So I strongly advise to visit Chicago
Hey, just bringing this old question up for a vote.
Because most of the muscle groups that we are interested in are voluntary muscles;" they need conscious effort to be exerted to make them work.\n\nBTW
Eyelid Twitch.\n\nThe cause of minor eyelid twitching is unknown. A slight spasm of the lower eyelid or even both eyelids is common and of no concern. \n\nMinor eyelid twitches require no treatment as they usually resolve spontaneously. Reducing stress, using warm soaks, or correction of any refractive error may help. Some ophthalmologists recommend reducing caffeine usage.
As an IBO, my first responsibility is to account for all monies that are received and all monies that are expenses.  For instance, I am involved in a number of business (as an IBO) and I have a separate bank account for income and expenses for them (ie: one bank account, several streams of income and expenses, but the IRS would like to see personal monies and business monies separated. I was lucky in that one bank in my area gave me $300 just for opening a business account.  Of course, I ahd to have an EIN, rather than a SSAN, but that can be done with the IRS on line and takes just a few minutes of your time.  Just be sure to keep accurate records of income and expenses for your schedule C at tax time. If you use your car during the operation of the business, go to your local office supply store and get a little mileage booklet for a couple of bucks (tax deductable) for recording your mileage.\ngood luck in your endeavor.\nbob
symptoms of hay fever\n\n\nItchy and watery eyes.\n\n\nFrequent sneezing, a bunged up or runny nose.\n\n\nItching on the roof of the mouth.\n\n\nCoughing.\n\n\nWheezing or a burning sensation in the throat.\n\n\nThere are numerous medicines that can be used to relieve the symptoms of hay fever. Many of these are now available over-the-counter from pharmacies and your pharmacist will be able to advise on which are most suitable for you. \n\nThe choice will often depend on which symptoms trouble you the most. \n\nbetter consult your doctor
Yes, close your account and inform your financial institution of the situation.\n\nReport this incident to the FBI Internet Fraud center at http://www.ifccfbi.gov/cf1.asp\n\nIt will be investigated by the FBI or other law enforcement.
 it freezes and never goes beyond that
it's not a fad... it's a lifestyle....
To tell you the honest truth, your gonna have to try tampons to know if your gonna like them.  If used propertly, tampons are fine to use through out the whole period.  Blood Clots are normal and most women get them so there is no risk your taking if your using a tampon and have clots.  Just remember to use the proper tampon meaning heavy medium or light flow accordingly.
Look at it, knucklehead
http://www.jimmyr.com/searchhistory.php
http://wiki.ehow.com/Ask-a-Guy-Out\n\nHow to Ask a Guy Out\nGot your eye on a certain cute guy? Well, don't wait--ask him out! If you're shy and don't know how to make this happen, follow these easy steps. \n\n\n\n\nSteps \nMake sure to hang out in places where you know you will see the guy you have a crush on. This could be at the mall, the movies, or maybe at the baseball field if he's an athlete. \nWhen you have the opportunity, talk to him or his friends and find out if he has a girlfriend. \nCommence flirting. This can mean a lot of things, like catching his eye with a glance, touching him lightly on the arm, or laughing at his jokes. Sometimes, you can flirt from afar and entice him to come over to you. \nAsk him what kind of things he likes to do, such as what he likes to eat, if he likes to play sports, or if he's a movie lover. Once you find something you both have in common, ask if he'd like to do it together sometime. \nIf he says no, or seems like he needs more time, don't get too upset;" always say you can just be friends if that's what he wants. Chances are
Cancer is a class of diseases characterized by uncontrolled division of cells and the ability of these cells to invade other tissues, either by direct growth into adjacent tissue (invasion) or by implantation into distant sites (metastasis). This unregulated growth is caused by damage to DNA, resulting in mutations to genes that control cell division. Several mutations may be required to transform a normal cell into a malignant cell. These mutations are often caused by chemicals or physical agents called carcinogens. Some mutations occur spontaneously, or they can be inherited (germ line mutations.)\n\nCancer can cause many different symptoms, depending on the site and character of the malignancy and whether there is metastasis. Cancer may be painless. A definitive diagnosis usually requires the histologic examination of tissue by a pathologist. This tissue is obtained by biopsy or surgery. Once diagnosed, cancer is usually treated with surgery, chemotherapy, or radiation.\n\nIf untreated, cancers may eventually cause death. Cancer is mainly a disease of later years, and is one of the leading causes of death in developed countries. Most cancers can be treated and many cured, especially if treatment begins early. Many forms of cancer are associated with exposure to environmental factors, such as tobacco smoking, alcohol, and certain viruses. Some of these can be avoidable, and public health and vaccination programmes are important on a global scale.
Go here http://www.logitech.com/index.cfm/downloads/categories/CA/EN,CRID=1796 and select your keyboard.
ref: "education.yahoo.com/reference" under definitions\n\ndickens: noun-informal\n1. a severe reprimand or expression of anger:gave me the dickens for being late.\n2. Used as an intensive: What in the dickens is that?\nEtymology: Alteration of devil (influenced by the name Dickens)\n\nRef: same as above (under quotations)\n\nthere is a reference to Shakespeare (WM that is) (1564-1616)\n\n"I cannot tell what the dickens his name is."\nfrom The Merry Wives of Windsor Act iii, Sc. 2.\n\nRef: www.etymonline.com/\n\ndickens:  exclamation, 1598, probably altered from Dickon, nickname for Richard & source of surnames Dickens & Dickenson, but exact derivaiton & meaning are unknown.\n\nAll I could find!
Not really, men can have children much later in life than women.  Women know they only have a handful of years to have children, so they 'hear their biological clock ticking,' when they are getting close to the age when childbearing becomes difficult or impossible.  Men, on the other hand, can have children basically from puberty into their seventies and even eighties.
He's cheating on you if you've noticed him acting strange or suspect around you, arguing for no reason at all, stopped spending as much time with you as he use to, or when he is always busy doing something that he's never done before this problem occured.
No. It is a successful business so it is a large target of the "looters".  Read Ayn Rand's Atlas Shrugged.  There are those in society that create and those that loot.  \nCurrently, they've attracted the eye of the unions.  They see a pot of money that they haven't usurped, so they've started a campaign to get it.  The liberal media has picked up on it as well as liberal politicians that are bought and paid for by the unions.\nThat is what is happening with Walmart.
maybe the bugatti veyron 16.4\n0-60 in under 4.5\n0-180 in like 14 sec\ntop speed 252...\nprice over 2 mil?
This formula will not be used often but an example would be if you need to blend batches of product.  For example, if a batch is low in a particular ingredient then you can calculate at which rate to mix it in with 'good' product and still maintain the integrity or 'declaired' values on the product.
"A soft ring powered by an ultra-light battery designed to enhance pleasure for both partners. Each package also contains one premium Elexa™ latex condom." \n\nSee the site below:
In 1916, Albert Einstein laid the foundation for the invention of the laser and its predecessor, the maser, in a ground-breaking rederivation of Max Planck's law of radiation based on the concepts of spontaneous and induced emission. The theory was forgotten until after World War II.\n\nIn 1953, Charles H. Townes and graduate students James P. Gordon and Herbert J. Zeiger produced the first maser, a device operating on similar principles to the laser, but producing microwave rather than optical radiation. Townes' maser was incapable of continuous output. Nikolay Basov and Aleksandr Prokhorov of the Soviet Union worked independently on the quantum oscillator and solved the problem of continuous output systems by using more than two energy levels. These systems could release stimulated emission without falling to the ground state, thus maintaining a population inversion. Townes, Basov and Prokhorov shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1964 "for fundamental work in the field of quantum electronics, which has led to the construction of oscillators and amplifiers based on the maser-laser principle."\n\nIn 1957 Charles Townes and Arthur Leonard Schawlow, then at Bell Labs, began a serious study of the infrared maser. As ideas were developed, infrared frequencies were abandoned with focus on visible light instead. The concept was originally known as an "optical maser". Bell Labs filed a patent application for their proposed optical maser a year later. Schawlow and Townes sent a manuscript of their theoretical calculations to Physical Review, which published their paper that year (Volume 112, Issue 6).\n\nSimultanously, Gordon Gould, a graduate student at Columbia University, was working on a doctoral thesis on the energy levels of excited thallium. Gould and Townes met and had conversations on the general subject of radiation emission. After that meeting, Gould made notes about his ideas for a "laser" in November 1957. In 1958, Prokhorov proposed an open resonator which became an important ingredient of future lasers. The first introduction of the term "laser" to the public was in Gould's 1959 paper "The LASER, Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiation".\n\nFollow the link for more information. To much to put here.\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laser\n\nOK, OK coupe60. I should have given credit where credit was due. :)
1979  Michigan St.  75-64  Indiana St.  MVP:Earvin "Magic" Johnson, \nMichigan St. SEMIS:DePaul, Penn  \n1978  Kentucky  94-88  Duke  MVP: Jack Givens Kentucky, SEMIS:Arkansas, Notre Dame  \n1977  Marquette  67-59  North Carolina  MVP:Butch Lee, Marquette SEMIS:UNLV, N.C.-Charlotte  \n1976  Indiana  86-68  Michigan  MVP:Kent Benson, Indiana SEMIS: UCLA, Rutgers  \n1975  UCLA  92-85  Kentucky  MVP:Richard Washington, UCLA SEMIS: Louisville, Syracuse  \n1974  N.C. State  76-64  Marquette  MVP: David Thompson, SEMIS: N.C. State UCLA, Kansas  \n1973  UCLA  87-66  Memphis St.  MVP: Bill Walton, UCLA Indiana, Providence  \n1972  UCLA  81-76  Florida St.  Bill Walton, UCLA North Carolina, Louisville  \n1971  UCLA  68-62  Villanova  MVP: Vacated SEMIS:Western Kentucky, Kansas  \n\n*UNSURE IF ONE CAN GO BACK THAT FAR FOR THE ELITE 8 IF THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE ASKING ABOUT....NOT TOO SURE IF MY ANSWER IS EVEN WHAT YOU'RE ASKING ABOUT...SORRY*
John strikes me as a very serious musician who wants to stretch out creatively.  I don't know the man, but I would guess "career move" isn't a phrase in his vocablulary.  I imagine he's grateful for the success he's had, mostly because it gives him the freedom to try new things.\n\nNot every artist's goal in life is to be a superstar idolized by millions of fans.  Sometimes it's just enough to be able to perform what you want the way you want and have someone respond to it.
The verdict is in and it's bad.  This was just reported several days ago in the news.  \n\nResearchers in Switzerland found that the amount of caffeine in just two cups of coffee limits the body's ability to increase blood flow to the heart during exercise.\n\nhttp://preventdisease.com/news/articles/011706_java.shtml
Late January 2009 will be the inauguration of the next president.  [After FDR more than 2 terms became unconstitutional.]
I know this question was ment for non-muslims but I couldn't ignore Schneb's reply and I felt obliged to comment on what he said.\n\n1- I wounder where did he get the idea that churchs are not built in muslim countries?!! I've never heard about christian's attempted failed in any country to build churchs.. I guess this information means that he personally never been to a muslim counrty.\n\n2- Again, which UN is he talking about??!! I had to check if it were changed, as the one - and the only one that is there - Doesn't have a majorty of muslims and with records, every time the UN votes for a law or a desicion against Israel one of the 5 countries intiteled to use the veto, stopes the desicion..!! have anyone heard about UN troops in Israel to stop Israel's actions against palastanians, although Isreal troops uses weapons and bombs and distroy palastenian's house and the palastenians to defend their country which was invaded and stolen by Israel uses stones and have to bomb themselves sometimes in desperation..!! I bet not.. \nBut everyone heared about the punishments Libya had to go through when it's leader made a desicion that the USA didn't approve, or the invasion of Iraqe under the false flag of democracy or the threatens that syria is having these days..etc.\n\n3- Never ever in Sudan or in any other place on earth people are killed to conver to Islam.. I think you know quite well what the christians are doing there.\n\nI hope I lightened some parts that were not clear and I hope your minds are open to hear the others view of the truth
If I ever get out myself, I'll throw you a rope!
Her's the LONG ANSWER. Don't read on if you have a limited attention span...\n\nMost Liberals don't hate America. Some do no doubt. What I think is that when some consevative talking head comes on the tube and says Liberals are baaaaad!!!!, many people swallow it. There are many impressionable people in this country who are DAMN mad and want to quench the bloodlust generated by the 9/11 attack. Capitalizing on this wave of patriotic zeal the hard core neo-cons (which are not the same as average Republicans) manipulated the entire post attack national conversation. They saw this national tragedy as a way to implement a broad and radical shift in U.S. foreign policy. The Neo-Cons were able to do this because nobody, Republican or Democrat had the balls to stand up to this radiacalism in the shadow of 9/11. The small govornment, fiscaly responsible Republicans have watched in disbelief as our budgetary spending has gone where no tax and spend Liberal ever dared take it. Inflating the budget wouldn't be so bad if it went to sensible programs for security and to update ifrastructure.But instead it is being used as thank you money in the form of "pork barrel " spending around the country, into the districts of those congressman and senators who vote in favor of the Neo-Con agenda.\n The term Liberal is batted around so much it's funny. What the traditional notion is referring to is a tax and spend agenda. Giving poor and underprivelaged people breaks and assistance in a multitude of areas, thus taking money from the people who earn money. These Liberals are actually really angry with the current administration for the way it uses tax breaks for the wealthy. Then using the budgetary process gives more money to the wealthy via the industrial war production inflated by the war on terror. Then it gives  no-bid contracts to companies such as KBR (Haliburten) and others connected to the Neo-Con teat.\nWhat you have is a giant spending machine where the profits keep returning to the same people. This notion has yet to sink in with most republicans. They are still too enraged by 9/11 to open their eyes to what is happening. They are being manipulated to cast out the Liberals with all of their uppity talk of Constitutional law and limited Executive power. Those aren't sexy ideas to think about and for this reason most of the ranting conservatives simply roll their eyes and shake their heads,and proclaim "We should pitty those poor deluded Liberals".\nWell one day (or not) the rest of the country will wake up and join the Liberals. The old fasion Reagan Conservatives will wake up the quickest. They'll wonder why G.W. hasn't seen fit to put an end to the orgy of spending. Why would we mortgage our future so a handful of companys can prosper in the near-term? That doesn't seem like conservativism. The very reason for anti-Liberal angst (out of controll spending) is the lifeblood of the current administration. Only this time the poor don't see the benefits. It is the mega-corporations getting our tax dollars without the oversight of the Congressional Budget Oversight Commitee.\nIt all boils down to this: Aside from their left wing social views, Liberals are actually doing the work of the minority in any democracy. They are trying to balance the impulse of the current leadership to gorge on as much money and power as they can before their time is up.\nThe rhetoric is so amusing. Those stupid Liberals. When will they ever learn? It seems our job as citizens isn't to think for ouselves but is to regurgitate the meaningless and empty words of our righteous benefactors the Neo-Conservative puppet masters. All of you Liberals and Conservatives should be thinking for youselves. It is a pity there are so many uneducated people in this country who speak so loudly. They try to convince the masses that it is better not to be "smart". "You don't want to be like those elitist 
$5.15
American Idiot By Green Day
You can see some side effects of low fertility, however not sterilty itself. Side effects of low fertility in the form of low testosterone would appear in the testicles: the testicle sack would appear unusually tight.
I think they are over in Syria.
maybe u can watch tennis and look at there moves
well one trick i have learned is to rub your ears vigourously for a few minutes. there are many nerve endings in your ears and it can make you more alert for a short period of time.
Sure, it's called Nerf.
no younger than 19, unless you have the urge
Aw that's so special wechial.  No I'm not in love
Hi,\nI'm a comanchee mix who still holds to some triditional beliefs though my family is diversly riligous, from my protestant dad,southern baptist grandma,mormon daughter,and atheist uncle.\n\nMy belifs are simple;"\n1.all religons believe in a great spirit
Dear Sirs/Madams:\n\nRequest a loan in the amount of $______ , to be repaid over a period of _____________ for the purpose of purchasing the home situated at ________________________________.\n\nAttached are several pictures of the home along with all the financials pertinent to this investment and how I expect to repay the loan.\n\nThank you very much for your consideration.\n\nSincerely,\n\n\n\nYour name
Asia has a total of 10 deserts
This is a classic question that puzzled people for centuries, known as Obler's Paradox. If there are so many stars in the sky, why is the night sky not lit up from all the stars? \n\nThere are several interesting aspects to this question: \n\n1. First, distant stars are receding from us at increasing speeds (Hubble's Law). The speed of these distant stars causes their light to be Doppler-shifted out of the visible range, so our eyes cannot see the light from these stars any more.\n\n2. The universe is full of dark matter, which does not shine, and probably absorbs light, so a lot of light gets absorbed this way. \n\n3. If a distant star is receding at close to the speed of light, its light might not ever reach us, or might take a very long time to reach us, so the light has not got here yet from some stars. \n\n4. There are black holes in the universe, that are objects so dense that photons are drawn in by the immense gravitational forces, and cannot escape. These also reduce the amount of light that we can receive. \n\n5. There are vast empty areas of space, so there are not an infinite number of stars available to produce light to brighten our nighttime sky. \n\nThere are probably some other considerations as well, but this at least gives you a starting point when considering this very interesting question.
yous should probably take more calcium and vitamin D as this pain may be the cause of worn out ankle joints. common in most atheletes like basketball players
The rules for eligibility for the draft varies depending on the league.  If a league allows 18 year olds to be drafted, like the NBA used to, then it's a matter of some team thinking that the player in question is good enough to be drafted.\n\nIn short, high school players get drafted because league rules allow it, and some team thinks that the player is worth drafting.
I was a fan when they came out in the early 90's. Still am a little bit.
The letters on a keyboard are not random - they're laid out in a configuration called QWERTY (named after the 6 letters in the upper-left hand of the keyboard. If you type correctly, the keys are arranged (in theory) to make the most used letters the easiest to reach.
This is a very broad question.  Most states only exempt municipal bonds issued in the subject state.  Go to your state's Department of Revenue website and search for information.  Charles Lewis, Altus Accounting and Tax Services, 70 Water Street, Savannah, TN 38372 731-925-1070
A suit, dress pants
Are you referring to real estate??
1mm= (10^-3)m\n-1.745 mm/s^2 = -1.745 (10^-3)m/s^2\n-1.745 mm/s^2 = -1.745x10^-3 m/s^2\nor\n-1.745 mm/s^2 = -1.745x0.001 m/s^2\n-1.745 mm/s^2 = -0.001745 m/s^2
Definitions of commonwealth on the Web:\n\nthe official name of some states in the United States (Massachusetts and Pennsylvania and Virginia and Kentucky) and associated territories (Puerto Rico) \nstate: a politically organized body of people under a single government;" ""the state has elected a new president""";" ""African nations""";" ""students who had come to the nation's capitol""";" ""the country's largest manufacturer""";" ""an industrialized land"" \na world organization of autonomous states that are united in allegiance to a central power but are not subordinate to it or to one another \ndemocracy: a political system in which the supreme power lies in a body of citizens who can elect people to represent them \nwordnet.princeton.edu/perl/webwn\n\nThe English noun Commonwealth dates originally from the fifteenth century and in different contexts indicates one of:# a nation
The transmission line should consist of the core conductor and the shield.  The shield should be tied to earth (ground) at the source end, which will shunt unwanted (spurious) signals to ground.  This prevents them from being induced onto the transmission line and causing weak/distorted signals at the termination.  I hope that helps.\n\nP.S. -  Never tie both ends of the shield to earth...it causes an earth loop which shows up as a ghost image of the original transmission that is out of phase (sync) with the original.
In my faith, Christianity, we believe you go to be with your (our) Heavenly Father after you die, if you have never committed sin. \n\nOh, wait, I don't think anyone is going to qualify....LOL....so that's why we are so grateful to God for sending his son, Jesus, to pay that penalty for our sins in our stead.\n\nLike the song says, "I love Him because He first loved me.."
Since China is a communist country and doesn't practice democracy, freedoms are very limited. The government doesn't want the Chinese people to have unlimited information to the rest of the world. If they do, then the people will realize how little freedom they have compared to the US. Also by banning sites, China is banning opportunities for demonstrations/uprisings, which could lead to violence. That could lead to international attention and would cause China to lose face.
The bahai are trying and failing miserably, calling themself the one world religion (but the word cult is more accurate).  Belief systems are too different to ever succeed in that one.
Tony The Wonder Horse. No really.
That would be infatuation\nLove is a feeling of desire and belonging\nIt's a whole lot different\nYou might have some differences with your spouse but this is not enough reason to "look" for some one else
To provide contrast with good.
Heroin silly!
The Indians didn't fight back.  Israel will fight back with nukes.  Big Stick Diplomacy says they have a right
If he does so, have fun with it and say, "Ohhhh? Was that a request? Well why didn't you say so earlier!" Keep the upper hand. Don't let his remarks get to you in any way. Its so not you.
check with your local red cross maybe they could tell you more
According to the bible the earth is about 6000 years old. Sceintists really don't know how old the earth is.  They guess, and then then present their theories as fact, which is unscientific behavior. They try to use carbon dating but that is not accurate. It also assumes time is linear.  Time is non-linear. Scientists put dinosaurs before man, but there is proof that they co-existed..
There's no such thing as a hot 6th grader.  Sorry.
i think the seahawks are gonna win by more than 2 touchdowns.  im from green bay........i miss holmgren
It directly stands for Masters in Business Administration. It is a Master's degree in college (6 year degree).
Miyamoto Musashi
Yeah it's tough dealing with those people. \nWhenever they quote Levetawhatever, I just let them know that it also says that wearing clothing of a cotton blend is also something spoken against in that chapter, then they go running back to their Coach purses and adorable little sports jerseys that they love so much. \nSome things are messed up in the Bible, go figure, it's the word of MAN. We need to pick and choose what is right (since, well, Christians already do), and homosexuality has been shown to be innate (and shown also in other species) rather than a choice. SO a better question may be: Why would God make homosexuals? Just to send them to Hell? I think not.
Well, it makes you real. I think we all want people on here to realize we are "real." I find that some people on here will just dash off anything feeling that the person on the other side is just a font without feelings. You remind us that there is a face to match the words. Questions like this are also serious enough to make us stop and think. That helps a great deal as well. We all need to approach every question realizing that no matter how odd it is, someone with a heart wrote it. We have to use tact......we have to treat all just like we would if we were all socializing at a party and discussing issues together. Yes, the avatars are 'cutsy' instead of true depictions of us. But its provided for all the various reasons we need to use them. I appreciate your candid nature, your openess and your recognition that people do treat it a bit differently. Thank you for making us think with this question.
In my opinion, your "friend" is just searching for attention, albeit negative.  Something must not be right in her life (ie. no father figure in the picture) because she sounds desperate for a "man's" acceptance. Sit her down and tell her how you feel. It's not just her "doing you a favor", she's being self-destructive.
Research into the origin of life is a limited field of research despite its profound impact on biology and human understanding of the natural world. Progress in this field is generally slow and sporadic, though it still draws the attention of many due to the gravity of the question being investigated. A few facts give insight into the conditions in which life may have emerged, but the mechanisms by which non-life became life are still elusive.\n\nFor the observed evolution of life on earth, see the timeline of life.\n\nResearch into the origin of life is the modern incarnation of the ancient concept of abiogenesis. Abiogenesis, in its most general sense, is the generation of life from non-living matter. The term is primarily used in the context of biology and the origin of life. Abiogenesis was long considered to be a very common occurrence until the Law of Biogenesis (omne vivum ex ovo or "all life from an egg") became firmly established in modern biology as a result of the work of Louis Pasteur.\n\nCharles Darwin in a letter to J.D. Hooker of February 1st 1871, made the suggestion that life may have begun in a "warm little pond, with all sorts of ammonia and phosphoric salts, lights, heat, electricity, etc. present, that a protein compound was chemically formed ready to undergo still more complex changes, at the present day such matter would be instantly devoured or absorbed, which would not have been the case before living creatures were formed." Thus, it is the presence of life itself, operating in an oxygen rich atmosphere, itself a product of life, which prevents "spontaneous generation" from occurring on Earth today.\n\nThis modern definition of abiogenesis is concerned with the formation of the simplest forms of life from primordial chemicals, in an environment regarded as similar to that at the time shortly after the formation of the Earth. This is significantly different from the concept of Aristotelian abiogenesis, which postulated the formation of complex organisms. This article reviews different hypotheses for modern abiogenetic processes that are currently under debate.\n\nThere is no truly "standard" model of the origin of life, however most currently accepted models build in one way or another upon a number of discoveries concerning the origin of molecular and cellular components for life, which are listed in a rough order of postulated emergence:\n\nPlausible pre-biotic conditions result in the creation of certain basic small molecules (monomers) of life, such as amino acids. This was demonstrated in the Urey-Miller experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953. \nPhospholipids (of an appropriate length) can spontaneously form lipid bilayers, one of the two basic components of a cell membrane. \nThe polymerization of nucleotides into random RNA molecules might have resulted in self-replicating ribozymes (RNA world hypothesis). \nSelection pressures for catalytic efficiency and diversity result in ribozymes which catalyse peptidyl transfer (hence formation of small proteins), since oligopeptides complex with RNA to form better catalysts. Thus the first ribosome is born, and protein synthesis becomes more prevalent. \nProteins outcompete ribozymes in catalytic ability, and therefore become the dominant biopolymer. Nucleic acids are restricted to predominantly genomic use. \nThe origin (see Origin of organic molecules) of the basic biomolecules, while not settled, is less controversial than the significance and order of steps 2 and 3. The basic inorganic chemicals from which life was formed are methane (CH4), ammonia (NH3), water (H2O), hydrogen sulfide (H2S), carbon dioxide (CO2), and phosphate (PO43-). As of 2004, no one has yet synthesized a "protocell" using basic components which has the necessary properties of life (the so-called "bottom-up-approach"). Without such a proof-of-principle, explanations have tended to be short on specifics
In Oregon, you will have to have a contractor's license. In the Source field I put a link where you can get more information.\n\nThe website also has information about insurance, etc.\n\nTo find out about a rate - check out the second website for your specific county. It will giv eyou an idea of what others are earning.
Exchange valentines present with a friend or friends. That is what we have always done. Go out with a friend. Do something nice for someone(family, friends, or a stranger), or volunteer somewhere and give love and care to those who need it.
My question to you is where does it say that he does NOT do it in two trips. God sent his Son as a gift of salvation but if some don't accept this gift then why should they expect to reap the benefits of His gift. The Messiah is not coming back to "Fix what he did wrong the first time". The Messiah is coming back the second time to take all of us that have accepted his glorious gift back with him to spend eternity in Glory. And just so that you know, for those of us that have accepted this awesome gift, we do have peace. It is those that do not want to accept it that can't experience the peace that he brought the first time, but it is never too late to accept His gift and begin living with the peace and happiness that so many of us have! You're in my prayers.
Simpson, Homer Simpson, he's the greatest guy in history....from the town of Springfield, he's about to hit the chestnut tree!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Go here and download it,you can find also new adults smiley-emoticons,very nice! http://yacam.altervista.org at the left menu
I not only cotemplated, I tried suicide.  Trust me, it's a real eye opener.  I too found church boring, but when I really started studying the Word, I realized I was full of pride.  I wasn't bored with the word or church, I was bored with me.  You got to realize that you can't judge a church by a few people.
The "head" aboard a Navy ship is the bathroom. The term comes from the days of sailing ships when the place for the crew to relieve themselves was all the way forward on either side of the bowsprit, the integral part of the hull to which the figurehead was fastened.
it's easy. go to mail options in your yahoo mail box. go to general preferences and instead of your real name write anything you want. that's what the receipients are goig to see. there's no other way for them to find out your true identity
Hi, \n\nIodine is used to test the presence of starch. If iodine reacts with starch, the resultant compound turns into blue-black colour.\n\nHope this helps. Bye!!\n\nrule wid style n luv@vinny
View->Toolbars->Unlock the Toolbars
Oprah of course i hate Martha
Well, if your looking for computer programming related, is this what you meant?
2 4 15 16 23 42
If it is an antique weapon, you will get the best deal from a antique weapon dealer or collector.  Look in your local phone book or look on the net for such a person.
Yes, but most are not very good. Try Jastro Park on Truxtun just east of Oak street.
It seems like you have an SBC global account? You can log into the Yahoo web page using your whole email as the log-in and whatever your password is.  The email you read will be stored on the Yahoo site until you use Outlook or something similiar to download it to your hard drive.
Commercial Banks give loans on high interest rates and there is no limit on the amount.\nMicrofinance banks provide easy loans for small enterprise but they have limits on the amount.
Do favors for neighbors.  I know a kid that starting mowing lawns at 14.  He's 21 now and owns his own landscaping business pulling down over $200,000/year.  He delayed college, but will be heading to school next fall.
Yahoo can take months to finally list your site.\n\nIts best to judge by a 6month time scale as it shouldnt be to much longer than that.
Because it's not the governments business to create any company.  The government by nature can't do anything efficiently.  Try picking up the federalist papers and the constitution sometime
Me being a Japanese culture lover, it literally means in japanese "I humbly receive". You say it when you are having your food served by the server or waitress. I say it all the time when I go out and eat japanese food. It is a compliment in Japanese culture. When you are finished eating you say "Gochisosama deshita".
May be it's a variant of Etsu, wich means "delight" in   Japanese
Actually, very few autographs (original copies) of ANY work older than about 300 years have survived.  We have no originals of the works of Aristotle, Homer, Plato, Virgil, Ovid, Chaucer, or even Shakespeare.  Shakespeare died less than 400 years ago.  Yet scholars believe that the copies we have of all these works are accurate to the original.  There is NO ancient writting, however, that we are more sure of than the Bible.\n\nThe Old Testament was written between 1500 and 400 BC.  The earliest copies we have of the Old Testament date between 200 BC and 200 AD.  That means that some of our earliest copies might have been written 1700 years after the fact.  This sounds like there is a lot of time to make a lot of errors in copying.  If this was any other book, that would probably be true.  However, we know a great deal about HOW the Bible was copied.  First, we know that copies were not made very often.  We have records that tell us that books were only copied once every 300-400 years or so.  These copies were done by only the best scribes, and under very strict guidelines.  We have obtained checklists that a copy must go through before it can be used.  The checklists were along this order..."The 359th word is THE, the 78th letter on the 22nd page is L, the book contains 1294 words, etc."  If the copy did not pass all of the checklist items, it was redone.  This means that our copies of the Old Testament have probably not been copied more than 8 times, and in some cases, probably only once or twice, under the strictest guidelines imaginable.  This is a far cry off from the "telephone game" scenario that critics would like you to believe.\n\nThe New Testament is a bit different.  It was not copied under such strict guidelines, and it was copied over and over and over again.  We are not so assured of its accuracy based on the methods of copying.  However, we are assured of its accuracy because of the great number of manuscripts we have, the relatively short amount of time between these copies and the originals.  We have hundreds of manuscripts from the 1st and 2nd centuries, and thousands of manuscripts from the 3rd and 4th centuries.  We are able to compare all of these manuscripts to one another and determine where and when certain discrepencies arose.  There is only .5% of the New Testament that is of any real dispute, and none of those verses contain matters of doctrine that are not addressed in other areas of the New Testament.
It means she is very worried about taking her lifeguarding exam. "Sick with worry" is just an expression that means "very worried." Don't take it literally.
Jewish people aren't, categorically, different from anyone else - when offended, we act just like anyone does, getting mad for a while and (hopefully) coming to forgive that person in the end.\n\nOur religion teaches us to forgive - on Yom Kippur, which is the Day of Atonement, we explicitly seek for forgive everyone who has wronged us, and pray that they will forgive us. The rabbis teach that praying to God for forgiveness on Yom Kippur seeks forgiveness for sins against God - failure to keep the sabbath, taking His name in vain - but forgiveness for sins against another person only comes when that other person has forgiven. So, we seek to forgive those that have hurt us, so that they may be completely forgiven for their wrongs.\n\nThere's a parallel to most other religions I can think of - while the greatest teachers of peace have learned to forgive their enemies even in the moment that they are being harmed, those of us who can't are still taught to forgive as much as possible, and called on to remember where we nurse grudges and let them heal.\n\nHope this helps.
While you can send it with stamps, it is better to have it weighed and stamped at the Post Office so you have the postage on one sticker instead of covering half the package in 37-cent increments.  You also pay exactly what the postage costs, nothing more, nothing less.\n\nParcel post is the cheapest method of delivery for what you're sending, but sometimes Priority Mail (2-3 days) costs only slightly more, so it's worth it.  In any case, $1.50 sounds a little low given the weight of most shirts.  If you have a home scale, you can weigh it and type in the information at the Postal Service Web site to see how much it costs.  I'd only use stamps if you're trying to get rid of a bunch of them.
The Tre Kronor (Three Crowns) is the national emblem of Sweden. Here's what Wikipedia has to say:\n\nThree Crowns, or Tre Kronor, is a national emblem of Sweden. Nominally they are three coronets ordered two above one which is present in the Coat of Arms of the Realm of Sweden. The history of this symbol isn't entirely clear. Most historians believe it was brought from Germany to Sweden by Albrekt of Mecklenburg in the late fourteenth century. The symbolism is in this theory believed to be a representation of the three wise men, also known as the three kings, that came to visit Jesus at the epiphany. Another theory is that the three crowns simply represented the three old kingdoms that joined to later form Sweden, Three crowns one kingdom. However, that theory is less widely accepted. Another theory is that the three crowns was leftovers after yet another failed attempt at creating a Scandinavian union and that the crowns represent the royal families of Sweden, Denmark and Norway. Swedes generally don't know any of these theories and what the symbol is believed to represent, and this is mostly a subject discussed among historians.\n\nThe crowns sat on top of the old royal palace in Stockholm, which was thence called Tre Kronor, and which burned down in 1697. Later, they were reinstated on top of the tower of Stockholm's City Hall, and (to some controversy) have come to symbolize Stockholm as well as Sweden as a whole.\n\nThe emblem is often used as a symbol of authority by the Swedish government, but other less formal examples exist such as the Swedish national men's ice hockey team, which wears three crowns on their shirts and thence are called "Three Crowns".
Get your free credit report from annualcreditreport.com .  It may list your employers if you applied for credit while working for a company.
who knows, we can just be looked down upon under a microscope for all we know. and if we are, where did the people who are looking down at us come from? it never ends!
None, city workers are a waste of time, space, energy and resources.
Here are the details.\nhttp://www.earthlink.net/highspeed/pricing/
YES.\nI accidentally clicked on something that was NOT yahoo and entered my password- it stole my account and I could not log in after that. Now, I always directly type in the yahoo address that I want to go to rather than clicking on a link from an outside site.\n\nAlso, I once posted some artistic, but provocative pictures. They were nonnude, but apparently someone considered them adult in content or to be in some violation of "terms of service", and without warning that yahoo account and email were frozen. I tried to contact yahoo about this, but no real person got back with me. I had had this account since I was 19 and it was an annoyance to lose (luckily I download my email). \n\nI've known people (mostly men) who randomly IM others (women) in chatrooms or randomly IM after browsing online profiles and have been marked as "spam". Apparently if this happens enough, your account is frozen. I don't think that yahoo reviews the reasons people hit the "spam" button, it seems to be that if alot of people are hitting the "spam" button when you IM them then your account can be frozen. \n\nYahoo needs to have a better way to control the posting of adult content, and the unsolicited IMS rather than having a general "spam" button. Until their system for detecting and preventing "real" instant message SPAM is perfected, they need to have a place to check mark a "reason" (unsolicited business contact, adult content, harassing, etc...). \n\nIf you chat or IM, I would not use that email address as your primary email address because of these issues.\n\n... hope this helps :P
go to the harry potter web site and it will tell u!!!
White because it's so clean and airy and if you live in a tropical country like I do, it's so cool to match all those island colors and accessories with white clothes.  Plus, white is great if you want to show off your tan.
syracuse but I am rooting for gonzaga
compounding\n\nuse this http://www.moneychimp.com/calculator/compound_interest_calculator.htm\n\nor one of the many you can find on the internet
www.webmd.com\n\nIt is a great site for people curious to know about their bodies, diseases, symptoms and cures.
I strongly suggest the Logitech Quickcam Pro 4000.  It has a built-in mic and can do still images (1.3 megapixel) or streaming video.\n\ntech stats:\n-640x480 video resolution\n-1.3 megapixel\n-zoom and tilt capability\n-face-tracker\n-includes video editing software\n-USD $99.00
An alcoholic is one who has a physical or psychological compulsion to consume excessive alcohol.  No infant has this condition, they all consume lots of milk or formula.  The baby has FAS, not alcoholism.
Giuseppe Bergomi (born December 22, 1963 in Milan) is a former Italian football (soccer) player, who spent his entire career at Internazionale and was a key member of the Italian national team in the 1980s and 1990s.
No, the 16th Amendment says, "The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration." If the 4th amendment would have applied before that amendment was passed (which I doubt), passing the 16th completely empowered Congress to tax incomes, regardless of all previous amendments.\n\nAlso, about the "missing" 13th ammendment, it regards titles of nobility, not lawyers.
It is to be taken out of circulation. ie no more 5 cent coins
He can't do that.  If he is not listed on your account he can't access it.  I can't even access my husband's/
mmm trying to think positive here since I am my own worst critic.\n\nI am generous to a fault, even to my own detriment. I am a happy person for the most part, but can be very moody.\n\nI try to live life to the fullest and love others.
yes, your girlfriend does. obviously your a loser in such a way that you need to seek the help of random strangers from all across the world with your relationship, if i were you, i'd grow some balls and get a hobby
I like Avast (http://www.avast.com). It catshes everything my Norton AV does, automtically updates virus definitions and program updates, and generally seems to be a good product.
1780\nMay 12 - British capture Charleston.  With losses of 5400 men , 4 ships and a military arsenal, this is the worst American defeat of the Revolutionary War.
talented
It is not necessarily the exercises rather how you do them. You should pick four or five exercises for each body part, chest monday, legs tuesday etc and do 4 sets each comprising of 15 to 20 repetitions making the last rep of each set very challenging. You only need to exercise a particular body part once every five to seven day seven being the best but really hit it when you do. This will firm and tone the muscles however to see your results you must diet and do cardio.
just click on open not save
Mai bine scrie intrebarea in engleaza! ei nu inteleg(majoritatea)
The remaining book value can be from intangible assets like goodwill, trademarks, copyrights, organization costs, non-compete agreements & others. Many of which could be worth considerably less than the carring value on the books. Intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives ranging usually from 5 to 15 years.\n\nHope this helps.
On their web site they tell you to send in a 5 minute video of you and your support group to the show so they can review it.
Apply for the collage of your choice. Apply to many different collages. Don't give up if one collage says no. If you are attempted into that collage, then go to the Financial Aid Department and apply for Fall semester of school because that gives you time to find grants for your schooling experience. Financial Aid Department will give you all the information you need. When you go there bring a supporter such as a friend, your child, or parent. Don't give up. Don't be upset if they are not as friendly as you want because some collages aren't as friendly as others. Try community collages have smaller classes and would be easy er to fit in as a new student. Go part time 6 hours for Financial Aid to get your feet wet and be comfortable in collage. Your first two classes should be easy so you can build your point average. Dream, you can do it. Believe in yourself. All things are possible with hard work. School can be a lot of fun. You will meet people from all walks of life in your classroom.
It doesn't appear on their Official Website, either:\nhttp://www6.falloutboyrock.com/falloutboy/audio_video.php
Most services can text from their website (verizon, cingular, etc) for free to the sender. It will always cost the person with the phone on receiving and sending.\n\nmight save money by going to YM or AOL or MSN messenger and having the person with the phone (internet enabled) login to the phone version of those services. Then you are just connected, not paying per message.
If you make a commitment to someone to be monogomous, that's no longer "friends with benifits" that's pretty close to being a relationship sans the feelings. But if you had a mutual arrangement to sleep with only eachother, for reasons not concerning emotions, I would say it's not necessarily cheating in the sense that their betraying anothers feelings, but its a betrayal in the sense that they had an agreement and this person broke that. Whoever this friend is, I'd advise them to talk to the person they have the arrangement with and tell them they don't want it to be monogomous if they're going to sleep with other people. A deal is a deal, but whoever had the idea to make it monogomous, probably had a relationship in mind. But no, since it is not a real relationship, I would not consider it "cheating", but for health purposes the other person needs to be aware that the person that they're sleeping with is messing around.
depends on who you are being obedient to\nthere can be bennies in beinf defiant
Great question.  I would say that there are people for you out there.  Picky isn't the word, nor is second best, but wow, the expectation to live up to being the best is a bit scary.  There is no Mr. Perfect, but there is Mr. Right.  Truth is you, me, all of us are just imperfect people, none better than the other, and all muddling through our lives the best way we can.  Accept youself as one of us.  Be plesant company and be happy with yourself.  You may find a guy that you can feel good about.  He won't be perfect, just a good guy, but with faults that you enjoy, rather than hate.  What I'm trying to say is that it is as much about you as it is all the 2nd rate guys.  Enjoy!
According to the spontaneous theory, mold forms randomly\n\nLouis Pasteur showed molds and otehr such bacteria are airborne and always present.
Type in her name in the advanced search box, click search and you will be able to see any question she has asked.  Have fun!!!!!!!!!!
sometimes people will do things just to get a reaction hun. So if he knows he bothers you and keeps doing certain things I would chalk it up to teenage male immaturity.If ignoring him doesnt work I would do to him everything he does to you see how he likes it. Best thing it will probably relieve your stress and make you feel a whole better!
Why An Internet Boyfriend? I Believe Internet Dating Is Stupid But It's Your Choice. You Never Know Who's Really Behind The Screen. Be Careful....
activation energy \n  \n  \nin chemistry, minimum energy needed to cause a chemical reaction. A chemical reaction between two substances occurs only when an atom, ion, or molecule of one collides with an atom, ion, or molecule of the other. Only a fraction of the total collisions result in a reaction, because usually only a small percentage of the substances interacting have the minimum amount of kinetic energy a molecule must possess for it to react. When the reactants collide, they may form an intermediate product whose chemical energy is higher than the combined chemical energy of the reactants. In order for this transition state in the reaction to be achieved, some energy must enter into the reaction other than the chemical energy of the reactants. This energy is the activation energy. Once the intermediate product, or activated complex, is formed, the final products are formed from it. The path from reactants through the activated complex to the final products is known as the reaction mechanism. (Reaction mechanisms for complex reactions may involve several steps analogous to that described here.) Because the heat energy of a substance is not uniformly distributed among its atoms, ions, or molecules, some may carry enough heat energy to react while others do not. If the activation energy is low, a greater proportion of the collisions between reactants will result in reactions. If the temperature of the system is increased, the average heat energy is increased, a greater proportion of collisions between reactants result in reaction, and the reaction proceeds more rapidly. A catalyst increases the reaction rate by providing a reaction mechanism with a lower activation energy, so that a greater proportion of collisions result in reaction. The activation energy and rate of a reaction are related by the equation k=Aexp(-Ea/RT), where k is the rate constant, A is a temperature-independent constant (often called the frequency factor), exp is the function ex, Ea is the activation energy, R is the universal gas constant, and T is the temperature. This relationship was derived by Arrhenius in 1899. Because the relationship of reaction rate to activation energy and temperature is exponential, a small change in temperature or activation energy causes a large change in the rate of the reaction. Activation energies are usually determined experimentally by measuring the reaction rate k at different temperatures T, plotting the logarithm of k against 1/T on a graph, and determining the slope of the straight line that best fits the points.
Mixture of solute and solvent
try goingon kelly bluebook.com its a very goodsite for prices of cars and trucks.
Apparently they have 62 indigenous languages, and is known to have the 2nd most living languages in the world (India comes first - 65 living languages, China is 3rd - 54 living languages) :) Náhuatl has the most speakers - 2 million whereas the least spoken is Teco - 50 speakers
I don't...I've done it but had bad experiences so I don't mess with the stuff anymore..not good for you..
near your avatar icon (or smiley face if you don't have your avatar in messenger) it has your name and the status.  Click there and find the menu item near the bottom that says "New Status Message".  Click there and you should be able to change it.
Mary Lou Retton
Do you think they're bad because You/ Yourself don't approve of them . . . or do you think they're bad because of what others have been telling you?\n\nDon't 'quit' doing anything because other people want you to, quit because that's a change in your life that you want to make.  \n\nI smoke cigarettes, I smoke pot, I eat fatty foods, I swear like a sailor, I get upset sometimes when people don't do what I want, I indulge in chocolate and sex . . . but you know what . . . I only want to quit smoking so I can ride a bike again, unless I get my lungs in good enough shape where I can do both!  \n\nBad is in the eye of the beholder . . . if you want to quit for your own self improvment, then the best way to stop is to try to put your mind in a place where you don't care about any of those things anymore.  Stopping the action doesn't solve anything . . . but stopping the connection to it is biggest and hardest thing to do.
I am going to assume that the court ordered divorce decree establishes this in writing.  Because the UCMJ only gives this as an option  it is NOT automatic, NOR is it guarentedd to be 50% of retirement pay.  It is a percentage, but each states's divorce laws are different.  \n\nIf you are not already divorced, get thee hence to a civilian lawyer well versed in military law.  If you are already divorced, then unless you can get the decree changed, I am not sure there is much you can do.
Pretty darn good Sexy!!!!!!\n\n*RZ*
Pimsleur has a good cd program...may be available at your library.
deformed
Don't say anything it's not your place it would just cause problems you don't need .\n\nAngel
A horde is a large group or swarm. (A horde of reporters)
jessy, 23, single, green, amelie, Bertha, 65, fuscia, gone with the wind, no, no
wise, cute and chubby. sweet.. mmm... nah.. don't think so.
Coal was grinded and mixed with some fine sand, and then wrapped in cloth, and worn.\n\nGod forbig we ever should need those devices.\n\nLet's hope humanity stops killing itself.
Chemical synthesis?\nfor making new materials\nfor obtaining materials at a cheaper and practical cost rather than from a natural product\nfor mass production
Take care of your diet . Eat fresh fruits and vegetables , raw or cooked and less fat and meat. Start the morning with a glass of water and OM Yoga. And other stretch exercises . Take walks.\nSugar is the main cause of tummy fat. Try it out. Just reduce intake of sweets and sugar. Avoid Colas. It helps. Bend down whenever you can . Tummy gets tucked in.
Contact NHRA they will send you info, and rules. You will need lots of money. You can find help on how to get and keep sponsors by typing into to your address bar the word sponsors. Have fun good luck.
I suppose because it sounds better than "Well officer I finished off a case of 12 ouncers."
Do exactly what you want to do. Try to do what you are interested in. You could go for a job with a sure paycheck but will you be happy in that job? If not then I suggest you follow your dreams. You will have to work very hard to gain a job in journalism but its a sure paycheck once you get into the business. Good luck.
If you are willing to learn HTML I would suggest ATSPACE.COM. You can create a website for FREE up to 50MBs in size with No ADS. I have two websites through them and the uptime is great. You'll need an ftp program to upload your stuff. There's a good free one for personal use called "FTP Explorer". Of course you'll either need to learn HTML or use one of the WYSIWYG programs like FrontPage or DreamWeaver to actually design your site. e-mail me if you need some help...\n\nIf you want your own domain and have it hosted, I suggest ReadyHosting. You get 1GB of space unlimted e-mail accounts, FTP access and domain name registration all for $99 a year.\n\nWeb hosting site (FREE):\nhttp://www.atspace.com\nWeb hosting site (COST):\nhttp://www.readyhosting.com\nFTP Explorer site:\nhttp://www.ftpx.com\n\nA couple of my websites:\nPioneer Baseball Website (ReadyHosting - Cost)\nhttp://www.pioneerbaseball.org\nMy Son's Travel Team's Website (ATSpace.com - FREE)\nhttp://tricountytitans.atspace\nFamily Website (ATSpace.com - FREE)\nhttp://tim8w.atspace.com
Try http://www.mysql.com and click on Developer Zone
Coochy shaving cream.  it's the best
send them a certified letter. or sue them if you had a contract w/ them
Depends on what e-mail service you use (e.g. Yahoo, PeoplePC, Gmail, etc.).  Most places have a help section that you can search through to find the answer.  Some e-mail clients require you to pay before you can set up your e-mail in Outlook.
1) Backup all your data\n\n2) Do a fresh, complete re-install of the operating system.\n\nThere are other ways to troubleshoot it but they do not have a 100% success rate, and your system networking stack is corrupted. \nBackup/reinstall is the the most sure-fire fix.\n\nMake sure to install all updates and do all the tiresome reboots before you install any of your programs.\n\nYou likely had a malware (bad, evil software that could even steal your bank passwords) infection on your machine, so you should reformat it anyways.
91\n\nPresident Bush Has Lowest IQ of all Presidents of past 70 Years. His IQ is 91.
basically your brain shuts down one section at a time and no one is offically diagnosed with the disease until an autopsy is performed and they discover the webs on the brain
any fabric store I am sure. if they do not have it they should be able to order it for you.
The definition I use is "someone who enters a forum without any interest in the topics being discussed there, but only with an interest in causing dissent or provoking a negative reaction."
I'm not sure who owns it now, but it used to be owned by George Steinbrenner who had bought it from Sam Davis.
There is no standard answer to this question, i think. And its always a problem for everybody, what to do in situations like this. I think showing your feelings is much better than speaking about them to her. If she comes to you for advice, that means u have earned her trust, and that's a MAJOR advantage. Let time work for you, and when the right moment will come, you will know. good luck :)
find a rat and cook it then eat the tail, its pretty good
Sure as just don't be fool about it and get caught, all ages are fair game!! ~:o
Well would you rather be drowning in a car on a cold night while your fellow passenger scrambles out of the car and lets you die because he does not want a DUI, or would you rather have buck shot in your chest and be released from the hospital and back in the office in one week?  Anyone for A?????  I didn't think so.  The answer, let me go shooting with Cheney any day, because at the end of the day I will still be alive.
Squinting utilizes the muscles that control the lens and your eye. By squinting you are chaging the focal length of the lens and the physical shape of your eyeball. The muscles are actively compensating for the defect in your vision. It is hard to maintain this level of visual acumen and it is very  tiring, hence the reason people wear glasses or contacts. But small defects can be overcome with squinting for brief periods. This is also the school of thoght behind the vision repair methodology. They claim to be able to teach you to use your muscles to correct vision deficiencies. While minor problems can be corrected with rertraining muscles, any substantial changes to the shape of the eye or the position of the lens is too straining for muscles alone and laser surgery, glasses or contacts are needed.
I think it all depends on the person.  My doc told me that with fertility treatments and insemination, my chances of getting pregnant each month were 35% at their highest.
When dealing with any governmental agency it is best to have as much back up as possible.
fermones are something that your body naturally lets off that attracts one to another and yes they do have perfumes that can imitate this response but they dont work on everyone. Its kinda a natural attraction.
read more books of many varieties
Guy knows a girl he really likes, he goes up to her and tells her:\n\nGuy: "You know, I really like you a lot."
sure....\n\nhttp://www.tigerdirect.com/applications/SearchTools/item-details.asp?EdpNo=1388753&CatId=142
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_cells
I had it a week after my father died. In my dream, he was with me alongside watching our activities. I just told him how can this be you cant join us now, he just nodded and said nevermind it's just ok watching you. There was a relaxed feeling.
i'll b with the lord! lol
yes, as long as people can use them responsibly by leaving them on a silent mode and leaving the room/establishment to answer or send calls
AEP Texas Central Company \n1 Riverside Plaza\nColumbus, OH 43215-2372\nPhone: 614-716-1000\nFax: 614-716-1823\n\nAEP Texas North Company \n1 Riverside Plaza\nColumbus, OH 43215-2372 \nPhone: 614-716-1000\n\nAmerican Electric Power Company, Inc. \n1 Riverside Plaza\nColumbus, OH 43215-2372 \nPhone: 614-716-1000\nFax: 614-716-1823\n\nAmerican Municipal Power-Ohio, Inc. \n2600 Airport Dr.\nColumbus, OH 43219 \nPhone: 614-337-6222\nFax: 614-337-6220\nToll Free: 800-875-2676\n\nAppalachian Power Company \n1 Riverside Plaza\nColumbus, OH 43215-2372 \nPhone: 614-716-1000\nFax: 614-716-1823\n\nThe Babcock & Wilcox Company \n20 S. Van Buren Ave.\nBarberton, OH 44203-0351\nPhone: 330-753-4511\nFax: 330-860-1886\nToll Free: 800-222-2625\n\nBuckeye Power Inc. \n6677 Busch Blvd.\nColumbus, OH 43229\nPhone: 614-846-5757\nFax: 614-846-7108\n\nThe Cincinnati Gas & Electric Company \n139 E 4th St.\nCincinnati, OH 45202\nPhone: 513-421-9500\nFax: 513-287-3171\nToll Free: 800-544-6900\n\nCinergy Corp. \n139 E. 4th St.\nCincinnati, OH 45202 \nPhone: 513-421-9500\nFax: 513-287-1088\nToll Free: 800-262-3000\n\nThe Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company \n76 S. Main St.\nAkron, OH 44308\nPhone: 800-646-0400\nFax: 330-384-3866\nToll Free: 800-736-3402\n\nColumbia Gas of Ohio, Inc. \n200 Civic Center Dr.\nColumbus, OH 43215\nPhone: 614-460-6000\nFax: 614-460-4265\nToll Free: 800-344-4077\n\nColumbus Southern Power Company \n1 Riverside Plaza\nColumbus, OH 43215-2372 \nPhone: 614-716-1000\nFax: 614-716-1823\n\nDPL Inc. \n1065 Woodman Dr.\nDayton, OH 45432 \nPhone: 937-224-6000\nFax: 937-259-7147\n\nThe East Ohio Gas Company \n1201 E. 55th St.\nCleveland, OH 44114 \nPhone: 216-361-2345\nFax: 216-736-6236\nToll Free: 800-432-3456\n\nFirstEnergy Corp.\n76 S. Main St.\nAkron, OH 44308 \nPhone: 800-633-4766\nFax: 330-384-3866\n\nGridAmerica LLC \nKey Tower, 50th Fl., 127 Public Sq.\nCleveland, OH 44114-1216\nPhone: 216-776-1900\nFax: 216-776-1599\n\nIndiana Michigan Power Company \n1 Riverside Plaza\nColumbus, OH 43215-2372 \nPhone: 614-716-1000\nFax: 614-716-1823\n\nJersey Central Power & Light Company \n76 S. Main St.\nAkron, OH 44308\nPhone: 800-736-3402\nFax: 330-384-3866\n\nKentucky Power Company \n1 Riverside Plaza\nColumbus, OH 43215-2372 \nPhone: 614-716-1000\nFax: 614-716-1823\n\nMetropolitan Edison Company \n76 S. Main St.\nAkron, OH 44308\nPhone: 800-646-0400\nFax: 330-384-3866\n\nOhio Edison Company \n76 S. Main St.\nAkron, OH 44308 \nPhone: 800-646-0400\nFax: 330-384-3866\n\nOhio Power Company \n1 Riverside Plaza\nColumbus, OH 43215-2372\nPhone: 614-716-1000\nFax: 614-716-1823\nToll Free: 800-277-2177\n\nOhio Valley Electric Corporation \n3932 US Rte. 23\nPiketon, OH 45661 \nPhone: 740-289-7200\nFax: 740-289-7253\n\nPennsylvania Electric Company \n76 S. Main St.\nAkron, OH 44308 \nPhone: 800-646-0400\nFax: 330-384-3866\n\nPennsylvania Power Company \n76 S. Main St.\nAkron, OH 44308 \nPhone: 800-646-0400\nFax: 330-384-3866\nToll Free: 800-720-3600\n\nPublic Service Company of Oklahoma \n1 Riverside Plaza\nColumbus, OH 43215-2372\nPhone: 614-716-1000\nFax: 614-716-1823\nToll Free: 888-216-3523\n\nSouth Central Power Company \n2780 Coonpath Rd. NE\nLancaster, OH 43130 \nPhone: 740-653-4422\nFax: 740-681-4488\n\nSouthwestern Electric Power Company \n1 Riverside Plaza\nColumbus, OH 43215-2372\nPhone: 614-716-1000\nFax: 614-716-1823\n\nThe Toledo Edison Company \n76 S. Main St.\nAkron, OH 44308\nPhone: 800-646-0400\nFax: 330-384-3866\n\nThe Union Light, Heat and Power Company \n139 E. 4th St.\nCincinnati, OH 45202\nPhone: 513-421-9500\nFax: 513-287-3171\nToll Free: 800-554-6900\n\nVectren Energy Delivery of Ohio Inc. \n40 N. Main St., Ste. 2010\nDayton, OH 45423\nPhone: 800-227-1376
Your wrong to some degree but so is he and so are they.  People tend to be proud of their lives and they most often express that pride to family which is you and your boyfriend.  Yes, they probably carry it too far, but I doubt if it is meant to make you feel bad.  Your boyfriend is wrong because he shouldn't be mad at you.  He should have been understanding and talked you about it.  There was no reason to be mad at you for your feelings regardless of if he believed them or not.
2 lines are parallel if and only if their slopes are equal.  To get the slope of the line 2y - 14 = 0, get its slope-intercept form:\n2y - 14 = 0\n2y = 14\ny = 7\n\nClearly, the slope is 0.\n\nSince you know the slope, m = 0, and it passes through (0,3/4), use the point-slope form of the equation of the line:\n\ny - y1 = m(x - x1)\ny - 3/4 = 0(x - 0)\ny - 3/4 = 0\ny = 3/4 (slope-intercept form)\nor\n4y = 3 (standard form)\nor\n4y - 3 = 0 (general form)\n\nNote:\nThe point-slope form was derived from:\n\nm = rise/run\nm = change in y/change in x\nm = (y - y1)/(x - x1)\nm(x - x1) = y - y1\ny - y1 = m(x - x1)\n\nHope you like this ^_^
I don't know about EVERYTHING happening for a reason, but so many things have happened out of the blue that have had positive impacts on my life.  There's no way that ALL of them could have been merely coincidences.
In the movie Fahrenheit 9/11 Michael More closed it with thie question.  He attempted to get members of Congress to send their children to serve in Iraq as a way of pointing out the class divide between the United States' leaders and the people who serve in the military. Moore did acknowledge that at the start of the war in Iraq, there appears to have been only one member of Congress with a child serving in Iraq: Sen. Tim Johnson (D-South Dakota), whose son Brooks serves in the Army.\n\nTwo more Congressmen had sons who reportedly were being sent to Iraq in late 2003 or early 2004: Representatives Joe Wilson (R-South Carolina) and Duncan Hunter (R-California).\n\nIn addition, there are some other members of Congress and the Bush administration with children or relatives serving in the military if not necessarily in Iraq. For example, Representative Mark Kennedy (R-Minnesota), who was seen in Fahrenheit 9/11, reportedly has a nephew serving in Afghanistan, and one of his four children reportedly was thinking of joining the navy. Attorney General John Ashcroft's son Andrew also reportedly has served in the Navy in the Persian Gulf.
this is not a dating service site
Your divorce is a matter of Public Record.
If you're about to buy a house, you should make the small investment of time and money to get a consultation from a lawyer in your jurisdiction.\n\nWhy take the chance of getting a wrong answer here and losing your house down the line?
I'll summarize what I've learned:\n\nVanilla Coke was first tested in 1982 at the World's Fair. It was first publicly released in the US in May 15, 2002. It rapidly expanded to Europe during 2003, and today it is available in 67 regions around the world. Despite this, Vanilla Coke is facing declining sales, and discontinuation in the US took place in December 2005 and was planned to take place in the UK in early 2006.\n\nPromotion included, naturally, television and other advertising aimed at all audiences based on the theme "reward your curiosity". Due to some hesitancy at Coca Cola Headquarters at introducing anything new after the failure of New Coke and trouble with Cherry Coke, ad campaigns wanted to stress the trust people had in the original Coca Cola brand while still trying to show that Coke was doing something exciting and new.\n\nDue to the diminishment of Vanilla Coke, the Coca Cola Company is shifting it's focus to Black Cherry Vanilla Coke.
It depends on the structure. Some structures will eventually collapse. This is the so called pyramid scams. If you can look at a marketing plan and see that the company is making money then you should be OK. I have seen some plans where eventually the company loses. If the company loses then you will eventually lose.
I think it was 4 times.
He definitely thinks you're hot and he wants them to be envious of what he has. He also probably wants them to keep hands off.
Try this recipe that is SOOOO sure to work... when your heart is breaking with loneliness and nothing seems to take it away, get alone somewhere and close your eyes and consciously decide in your heart to surrender yourself 100% to Jesus and ask him to come into your heart and remove the loneliness and replace it with joy and to show you how to keep it, then log on to Harvest.org for more guidance.
Sadly, they are likely outdated to be viable for reuse by current students.   Having tried to sell many of my textbooks that were just a few years old on half.com proved fruitless, with the exception of a couple general study texts.\n\nThey are paper, and as such, you should be able to recycle them with the rest of your newsprint at the curb.
Not everyone with a UTI develops recognizable signs and symptoms, but most people have some. These can include:\n\nA strong, persistent urge to urinate \nA burning sensation when urinating \nPassing frequent, small amounts of urine \nBlood in the urine (hematuria) or cloudy, strong-smelling urine \n\nEach type of UTI may result in more specific signs and symptoms, depending on which part of your urinary tract is infected:\n\nAcute pyelonephritis. Infection of your kidneys may occur after spreading from an infection in your bladder. Kidney infection can cause flank pain, high fever, shaking chills, and nausea or vomiting. \nCystitis. Inflammation or infection of your bladder may result in pressure in the pelvis and lower abdomen and strong-smelling urine. \nUrethritis. Inflammation or infection of the urethra leads to burning with urination and sometimes pus in your urine. In men, urethritis may cause penile discharge. \n\n\nYou can take steps to reduce your risk of urinary tract infections. Women in particular may benefit from the following:\n\nDrink plenty of liquids, especially water. Cranberry juice may have infection-fighting properties. However, don't drink cranberry juice if you're taking the blood-thinning medication warfarin. Possible interactions between cranberry juice and warfarin can lead to bleeding. \nUrinate frequently. Avoid retaining your urine for a long time after you feel the urge to void. \nWipe from front to back. Doing so after urinating and after a bowel movement helps prevent bacteria in the anal region from spreading to the vagina and urethra. \nEmpty your bladder as soon as possible after intercourse. Also, drink a full glass of water to help flush bacteria. \nAvoid potentially irritating feminine products. Using deodorant sprays or other feminine products, such as douches and powders, in the genital area, can irritate the urethra\n\n\nUTIs can be painful, but you can take steps to ease your discomfort until antibiotics clear the infection. Follow these tips:\n\nUse a heating pad. Sometimes a heating pad placed over the abdomen can help minimize feelings of bladder pressure or pain. \nDrink plenty of fluids. However, avoid coffee, alcohol, and soft drinks containing citrus juices and caffeine until your infection has cleared, because these things can irritate your bladder and tend to aggravate your frequent or urgent need to urinate. \nIf you have recurrent bladder infections, let your doctor know. Together you can determine a strategy to reduce recurrences and the discomfort UTIs can bring.
I dunno... um halle barry, yes, oprah, no
You die!
If you eat or drink a pound of anything, even water, you will TEMPORARILY gain one pound.  But long term weight gain is determined by the amount of calories in food, not how much it weighs.  A pound of water has zero calories and will just get pee'ed out.  A pound of spagetti has several hundred calories.  Our bodies burn calories constantly, for most people between 2000 - 3000 per day, more with exercise. 3500 unburned calories is equal to 1 pound of weight gain.  So, if you wanted to gain 1 pound in 1 day, and your body burned 2000 calories per day, you could accomplish this by eating 5500 calories (that is, 3500 extra calories) in that day.
I sure hope not. I have met her. She is a mean, b.i.t.c.h. who absolutely HATES America and everything done in the past to secure the freedoms here. She despises the military. She does everything in her power to make sure that America becomes a third world country. She's a globalist. GOD help us if she ever gets to the oval office ever again.
get cialis?!!!
You get placed where the military needs you. You have a little bit of say in the matter, usually, but that doesn't guarantee that you'll get your ideal plane. Works that way with other military professions, as well.
well talk to them.
I couldn't tell you exact digestion time, and I imagine it would differ from person to person, but all bran-type cereal digests rather easily and QUICKLY (the proper word to use, since it was questioned).
Oh my God...I didn't before, but I just did....OUCH!!!That's all I have to say...
:) You're awesome!!  You know what I do if I want to make changes, I write down everything i am unhappy with. I write down what it is I want to change, how I am going to change it, I give myself a target date(goal setting) :D Remember that you don't want to do it all at once because that is when you get discouraged. Set your target dates in a reasonable time frame and make sure they are far enough from each other. Changes don't happen over night you have to work at it and make them happen. A little at a time and don't get discouraged. You will run into challenges, but don't see them as stumbling blocks, see them as stepping stones, we learn from everything. \n\nHope it helps :) I hope this is what you are looking for. \n\nGood luck two thumbs and four paws up to you!
Google
Well...\n\nIF we neglect the fact that the dinosaurs became extinct 65 million years ago...\n\nAND IF we neglect the fact that it is impossible to directly see the Earth from very far away as the light of the sun drowns it out (that's why we can't directly see extrasolar planets)...\n\nAND IF we neglect the fact that since you can't even see the Great Wall of China from the Moon (contrary to popular myth), you'd have a hard time being able to see dinosaurs from 60 million light away, regardless of the strength of the telescope (given the size of the largest dinosaur, about 30 metres, the angle you'd have to resolve would be approximately 30/(60.000.000 * 9.46 * 10^15) = 5.3 * 10^-23 radians or 3,03 * 10^-21 degrees. This is a 100 million times smaller than the radius of the nucleus in an atom, which you can't see either...\n\n...then yes.
There has been a lot of movies with this futuristic feature.  Mr. and Mrs. Smith just did it when Angelina Jolie enters the headquarters of the company that she works for.
Come on girl! We all need time to ourselves sometime.  Just because you have little ones doesn't mean you can't enjoy your life.  Go! Go! Go!  And have a wonderful time!  As long as you have the kids with someone you trust they, and you will be fine.   \n\nEnjoy yourself!
THEY MAY HAVE CHANGED IT SINCE SBC IS NOW AT&T AGAIN! I THINK EVERYTHING IS SCREWED NOW... THEY EVEN RENAMED AN ENTIRE BASKETBALL STADIUM IN SAN ANTONIO FROM THE SBC CENTER TO THE AT&T CENTER! IT IS SORTA FUNNY!
yes
Since the ports are AMERICAN ports, I think AMERICANS should own them.  If we keep exporting and selling our jobs to other countries, America is going to end up the poverty capital of the world.  We should have stuck with Isolationism.
Definetly have to go with Ladanian Tomlinson. He can run, catch, and even pass! This guy has got crazy quicks and finesse, yet at the same time has more power than a Chevy pickup truck! This guy is a player you can build a team around, and they'll be good no matter what. Add another star and you just might have championship material.
My Yahoo! eh? the homepage or the so-called My Yahoo!? As far as I've known it is impossible to change the language in My Yahoo!.  Sorry about that :(
Install some forged pistons, hellfire rings, a forged crankshaft, forged rods, rear gears, slicks, a cam, roller rockers, ported and polished heads, 4bbl. intake manifold, a huge carb, or big fuel injectors, and a TURBOCHARGER!!!
I never did, U should try using Dr. Perricone, Also Doxycycline
Becoming a Jedi, learning the ways of the force, building a lightsaber. But of course you must already have, so my answer isn't so cool. Or if it was episode 4-6 i would join the rebellion and fight the evil empire! If it was episode 1-3 I would be a Jedi. And between us Star Wars fans (I am a really big Star Wars fan) I really need that best answer points.\nAnd remember, the force will be with you, always...
the Yankees spring training home is in Tampa,FL\nthe Red Sox are in Fort Myers, FL
Could be your toothbrush? I only keep my toothbrush for 1 month, toss it and get a new one.
football
Well I think we hv alot of things make us to think about our families in a better way...\nOf course there r many reasons make me upset from my family members... but never lead to call them serpents and stabs..\nOn the other hand, in arab world we hv a similar proverb says: relatives are scorpions!
stupid
it depends on time and place\nif they are rutting they are easy to get close to but if not than it can be tough\na good cover all bases caliber would be a 25-06 \nit shoots flat for long range and has little recoil
use Macromedia Authorware
Yes, you can have a crush even on someone you've met once. I met this French girl when I was 10 and I have still not forgotten her.
What did the fish say when it hit the wall??
Lyrics by Tim Rice, music by Andrew Lloyd Webber.\n\nPS\n\n(Not Diana Ross,Gloria Gaynor,Donna Summer or MADONNA from the 1978 musical Evita)
After dating my GF for a few months she said she loved me and then asked me if I loved her.  I was honest and said I don't know.  I told her I liked her a lot, but I don't throw the world "love" around like most people.  When I say it I truly mean it and that I didn't know her well enough to say it.  She was a bit upset at the time, but a few months later when I did, she was really happy.  Be honest, I'd rather have someone tell me they didn't love me, than find out a while down the road.
oh shammi....first tell whether she ia friend or a lover.\n\nIf friend kiss on her cheeks.\nIf girl friend then kiss on her lips....french...for this you need practice....
The pews in a Catholic church. Got caught by some old lady with a really bad attitude.\nI had to finish I think that is what really got her upset.
W2s aren't available online. You should have received one from your employer by the end of January. If you did not or lost it and need a duplicate, contact the human resources department there.
June 4, 2007
If you have a child that is not recieving support you can go through dor and they will take care of everything ................if you are supposed to be supporting your child you should be looking for a job to do so and not a lawyer to get out of it
If they believe they're terrorist and may cause harm then my answer is yes. In some cases phone tapping and illegal search and seizure can be beneficial to our country. For example The Water Gate Scandel....and Nixons joke of a presidency....read the book, "All The Presidents Men."
trompie is a piece of african fruit that grows in Canada
In my opinion it was Kennedy 60's 70's no one 80's Reagan 90's no one Current its Bush. I am surprised to see a bunch of liberals answering.
Try: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_luther_king#Assassination
hit the button on ur computer called "prt sc" or "print screen" or something close.................the computer will automatically copy watever is there......open a pic editor........ctrl+v or paste and the image will come up.......edit the pic a bit and then its urs 2 du with as u plz
I saw a Chinese albino in Hong Kong not long ago, and she seemed exceedingly self-conscious. I noticed others were staring at her quite rudely, although the social behavior in Hong Kong is far more sophisticated than in mainland China. (so I can only imagine how rough it would be to be an albino in China)\n\nAnd, there was an albino who posted a question on this forum about 2 months ago. She was having trouble getting a driver's license in Malayasia - just because she was an albino.\n\nHere is a link that has "frequently asked questions" about being an albino:
register
the truth is they are not the same. but sad to say, people treat them as if you can't love without having sex. although, it is somewhat the expression of love.\n\nsex is a gift from God for married people, it is supposed to be sacred in the sanctity of marriage. in my opinion, wait till you are married then have sex all you want. \n\nthat is why i respect the filipino culture that says something about this. sad to say too, we are slowly losing it. though some still believe that sex should be done only when you are married. and i believe that. there is nothing like having it first with your husband... it will be grand!
They are still arguing. I hope she does. The old man knew what he was doing when he married her. I don't particularly like her, but what the heck she's not that stupid. She knew what she was doing right from the get go..
Did you hear about the blonde who won the gold medal at the\n Olympics?\nShe had it bronzed.
These are both second degree heart blocks. Mobitz type 1 is where the PR interval gets longer and longer until there is a dropped beat. In Mobitz type 2, on the other hand, the PR interval remains constant but the dropped beat happens after a certain number of complexes.
Yah, sure, it's for real. Also the Abominable Snowman, the Easter Bunny, Santa Claus, stories about French intelligence or bravery, and that thing about St Patrick driving all the snakes from Ireland are all true as well.\n\nAnd there really is a monster living in your closet.
9.99 plus tax
Sweety me working in the health Field I advise you to do research on the two so you have a better understanding. Be strong not just for him for yourself also. And there is only one person who can help you conquer this hardship in ur life and that is god, Pray to him ask him for his help and I'm sure that things will turn out for the best. god bless
My husband had the same problems switching from Paxil to Wellbutrin and had to stay on Paxil and stop using Wellbutrin. Call your doctor as soon as possible and let them know what is happening.
the world is filled with molecules of all different sizes. the usual rule is that big molecules are solids, medium size ones are liquids and the smaller ones are gases.\nso most gases in the earth's atmosphere are relatively small ones like nitrogen, oxygen, carbon dioxide,etc.
Eat fruit for lunch or drink one of those fruit drinks.
No. Although it is not clear how central a role she has played in the foreign policy debacles, she certainly has been a willing partner in the marketing of the war and other questionable policies.\nShe obviously is bright, and might be a better president than Bush, but I cannot support anyone who has played such a strong role in our failed policies.\nRemember her testimony before the 9-11 commission when she was claiming that we couldn't have known about the 9-11 attacks, and she had to be coerced into reading the title of a memo that warned of such attacks? Too much game-playing for my taste.
Actually, an accountant wouldn't be involved at all in intellectual capital management unless you collected some type of royalties or copy rights on whatever intellectual property you had at the beginning. \n\nSo to answer your question - no role.
You're right, Sweetie.  Actually, he has 3 ID's.\nHe is also 'alabamamissy' if you go in and check his answered questions you will see all of the questions asked by her & he did the same thing....asked a question, answered as BrianL and then chose himself as the best answer.\nUnfortunately, some people don't have a life so...\nthey do the best they can at making themselves one.\nThis probably makes him feel very important to ... himself.\nHe is a very sad human being.\n\nBrianL is Alabamaser and Alabamamissy - he unfortunately uses MS as his play point which is very sad and ignorant.\nHe probably has more...but I'm not wasting any more moments of my life on him.  He's already threatened to harrass me on all my questions and answers.  So probably expect one on here from him.\n\nDon't worry about it, Sweetie.  The only thing that bothers me with him doing it is that he has his questions and answers lined up...then when someone else answers to the best of their ability....he calls thems names or tells them how ignorant they are....which just makes him the ignorant one. \n\nIt's not like he's going to win A Million bucks or anything.  Think of it this way....he's just wasting three times as much of his life than we are on this silly site.  Lol.\n\nBesides...I just went into his open questions and busted him...just for you! \n\n\nLighten up, Sweetie.\nYou must be very young to let such small things bother you.\n\nHave a great weekend...go out and enjoy life and get off of this silly computer!!\n\nBy the way... you make a GREAT detective.  Might be an occupation you want to pursue.
the thing is different guys want different things from girls. all dependin on ur interest. some luv,some sex,some beauty... damn, some even money. u kno' wat I am sayin.and wat not. it basically depends on the type'a dudes u is dealin wit. but speakin for myself, I jus look for a REAL girl who kno' wats up and can keep it true at all times. Jus keeps it real and I assure u 100% dat someone will want u for who u is. and u will be more than jus friends. REMEMBER, JUS KEEP IT REAL. THERE IS SOMEONE RIGHT UP THE CORNER. CHEERS.
She was born some time ago and lived a full life devoid of stragals.
Andrew
What type?  SSN, SSBN, or the new ones.
yoko ono is a japanese singer and john lennon's widow.
I don't really remember my very first kiss because it wasn't that special. I do remember every second of my first kiss with my ex-boyfriend. It was incredible. I was best friends with his little sister from the time we were little kids but I had never met her older brothers because they all lived with their parents in Mexico, my friend was sent to CT when she was little when a couple music schools offered her scholarships, anyway I finally got to meet her brothers five years ago. Damien was nice, so was James. But Aaron was absolutely breath taking. Jocelyn, my friend, told me he had a crush on me but I didn't really believe her. Aaron was throwing a house warming party one night, the guy I had just broken up with showed up at the party and we got into a big fight so I ended up getting really drunk. I was told I passed out in the hallway. I remember waking up in Aaron's arms. He told me some guy was trying to grope me so Aaron picked me up and brought me to one of the bedrooms to sleep it off. I woke up when my head hit the pillow. Aaron sat with me and listened to me ramble on about my ex. I took a long hot shower and when I came out Aaron was still there, he had brought me up some water and migraine pills. I spent the night and in the morning, he made us breakfast. We sat at the kitchen counter eating together, talking, and then during a pause in conversation we looked at eachother and he moved real slowly towards me. We had a long passionate and tender kiss. It was amazing, it made my legs weak. We dated for several years and remain good friends.
It depends on the speed and what you both weigh.\n\nAssuming that you both weigh 150 pounds:\nRunning - 6 mph\n  170 calories in 15 min\nWalking - 4 mph\n  340 calories in 1 hr\n\nSo if those weights and speeds were correct for you and your friend, you are burning more calories.\n\nYou can use the link in the source to test out different numbers.
He is a real human being and an excellent would superstar of Bollywood. Don't waste your mental energy in such question whether someone is HIndu or Muslim. All are the creation of "your" Allah
We all fear rejection, but you can't live your life in fear.  If you do you will miss out on a lot of good things in life including this guy.  If you let fear rule you and some other girl asks him out then you will always regret it.  Rejection sucks and hurts but it is still better than always wondering what might have been.
I sure hope not!  You are way too immature and your attitude towards sex is bordering on sick!  Women are not objects for you to use the way you indicate.  If that is what you want, go get a hooker.  I can hardly believe there are people like you...unfortunately, I know there are.
sure my dad has. He got a letter in the mail saying he won the lottery. He had to mail back some documents to the processing center. After a few months more he got a letter with an appointment to the US Embassy. There he had to bring documents such as proof of his education, birth certificate, work qualifications, medical examination... just basics stuff.\nThey gave him an immigrant visa on the spot... after a few weeks in the US he received his permanent resident card in the mail... oh and the hole thing costed like $400\n\nAll very simple really, the only problem is that the odds of winning are quite small... about 3 million apply and only 50,000 get it... he was quite lucky:)
Yes I do.
Because it is human nature. Being kind, altruistic, and loving takes effort, because your overcoming a basic instinct to be numero uno.
I suggest you post a resume on Monster.com.  Just state that you are looking to get out of the midwest DIRECTLY ON THE RESUME! Also, create a .pdf form of your resume and check out jobs in various states through state employment agencies online. Just e-mail your resume to them and tell them the same.
batista is on smackdown
If you are talking about "Outer Space", then try between 1950 to the present. You can always try NASA to see what they have or call or go to your local library.
War decisions are based on Control ... and so are peaceful decisions.  It is a calculation of whether or not a person will be more in control through war.
"Find access numbers by State or by Area Code & Exchange"\n\nhttp://sbcyahoo.prodigy.net/openPhone/index.html
I feel bad for you because I have read your other questions and answers.  You sound like a very nice person.  Let me tell you what I know....\n\nFor Washington State, the Statute of Limitations (SOL) to enforce a written contract is 6 years.   You are too late to sue him.  Your best shot would be if he had made any payments on the contract anytime during the 7 years.  Each payment makes the 6 year SOL start over.  SO if he made a payment during the 4th year, you have 6 years from that point to sue him.  In that case, you have a good, enforceable case.  Or, if he didnt make a payment but at least acknowledged the debt in some form of writing to you, that may also trigger the 6 year SOL to start over from the date he made written acknowledgement of the debt.  \n\nLastly, you could just sue him anyway even with no payments or written acknowledment of the debt from him. Once you sue and state your case in your court papers (dont mention anything about the SOL in your papers) the burden woulb be on him to raise the defense of the 6 year SOL applying to teh case.  If he did, you'd lose.  If he is not aware of the 6 year SOL, you can just act like it doesnt exist and move forward to slam dunk him in court. GOOD LUCK!!!
The Waterboys
Put a lock on the fridge and stay on Yahoo! Answers.
Absolutely not.  It is rather healthy to relieve yourself of such waste products.
Which battle...there were many!
Alternatives of IIS/PWS:\n1. Apache Web Server.\n2. Tomcat\nGoogle them, download and install.
25/50 = 10/5 = 1/2\n break it down.
um  its hard. its confusing. its useless (for me). its  annoying.   its weird. hmmm
Toxins that will KILL you!
go to the top of your buddy list.... click on messenger, click on my contact details, Where your name is, remove it and put your nickname in it's place, hit save and close.
When the Army steps up and does its job as well as the Marine Corps.  The official mission of the Marine Corps has been over since the first part of the war.  The Marine Corps is not a static fighting force.  The mission of the Marines is to be mobile.  While the Army is designed for static fighting.  Also depleted uranium has no ill effects.  You will not get cancer by holding it.  It is DEPLETED. That means it is not radioactive.
There can be some tremors that precede a quake.  This is called a foreshock sequence.  Unfortunately, it is impossible to determine a foreshock sequence until after the quake occurs.  There may also be surface disruption with land features being slightly twisted or misaligned.  In some rare instances, natural springs have stopped or started before a quake happened although this usually happens as a result of a quake.\n\nIn general, there is very little that we are aware of yet in terms of warning signs of a pending quake.
- Lack of direct contact with your customers (i.e. phone, and face to face)\n- Higher transaction costs for payments (i.e. credit cards etc.)\n- It may lead to fewer jobs overall, because of automation
i prefer to be told i am beautiful, hot is only skin deep to be beautiful you have to have a personality to go with it. hot is a woman who emits sexiness beautiful is inside and out.
Nuthin!I'd smack that Biotch,Silly!
If you owe some one money, they can keep the account active as long as they see fit. \nIf the account is inactive for 7 yrs., the credit bureaus will remove them.
casey stengel
try \nhttp://launch.yahoo.com
Pl. refer  book by Mr.morris mano it is easy to understand. the whole thing cannot be explained here.
It is called "Adagio for Strings", composed by Samuel Barber
Take the cotton wool out of your ears and put it in your mouth,watch,listen,learn.. Try thinking of other people instead of yourself,treat people how you would like people to treat you,when you're about to say or do something think how it would affect you if someone did or said it to you { Do unto others as you would be done by }.. Go out and meet different people in different places with different views and utilise the most functional.. Ask what you can do for someone,you will get some positive reactions !!..
yes, i have a myspace.  and if you are talking about me giving my url, why should i?  i won't add you, because i do not know you.  i only add people that know me.  if you want more friends check out myspace.com its a place for friends.  not yahoo answers, a place for answers.
who can forget their hits like zombie, ode to my family, salvation, animal instict.. but it seems its unlikely they'd feature together in near future. anyway, the good news is Dolores O'Riordan confirmed that a much anticipated solo album will be released in late spring/early summer 2006! The release of her solo album will also launch a worldwide tour.
In my opinion the best British sports car is LISTER STORM 99'.It is the best because it has a great speed (200+ km/h) and Lister has a very good handling tradition. Of course, I haven't driven it but I read it in several magazines.One more thing is that STORM has won many races in it's class back in time (1999).
Terms from the days of vinyl records. As I worked in a record store selling Vinyl for 2 years during the 80s, I got to work intimately with them... so...\n\nLP = Long Play (full length album) - 33 1/3 speed\nEP = Extended Play (as in extended from a single) - 33 1/3 speed\nSingle = one song a side - 45 speed\n\nLP records could be a maximum of about 40 minutes with microgrooving, less without.\nEP records were from 3-20 minutes (as I recall).\n\nAn LP could hold 5-6 songs per side.\nAn EP could hold 1-3 (cramped at 3) per side.\nA single could hold one song per side.\n\nHow they were used.  Bands generally used LPs for full length album releases.  EPs were used commonly to release a short album release (a few songs or extended remix singles).  The EP format was also typically used on 12" singles.  12" singles also ran 33 1/3 speed.  45's (singles) were obviously used to release two songs from an album (not usually remixes).\n\nSizes for vinyl include 12", 10" and 7" diameter.  EPs could be 10" or 12".  LPs were only 12".  45's were only 7".  \n\nAnd finally, there were picture disks.  These were a special process to overlay the vinyl grooves on top of a picture.  They were generally heavier and the vinyl didn't hold up as long.  Picture disks were, as I recall, always 12" in size.
If she is your friend you should tell her what you told us.  I would recommend that when you tell her it should all makes since and be a little nicer about it.\n\nYou could tell her that people don't like it when they are made fun of constantly.  Try to get through to her, and if you just can't stand her anymore, you don't have to be her friend if you don't want to.\n\nWhat the hell is "w.e" supposed to mean?
yeah uh huh me too
Come here a minute.....Let me see!! DAAAAAAAAAAAANG GIRL!! You need some help, that's insane. I thought I was crazy when I put tape on Little Cat's paws and watched him try to walk around, but that is DOWNRIGHT INSANE. WOWWWWWWWWWW!! \n\nYou crazy thing ! LOL!!:D
here try this web-site... Good Luck\n\nhttp://dfm.idaho.gov/StratPlans/CL_StratPlan.pdf
You are not talking about reality but Yahoo pool? Yes? Oh then who cares. If you are playing real pool and someone punches you well then run like hell and forget the money!
its too hard to choose between the both of them so i would just jump and never choose anything except the ultimate!!
Nurses in clinics are the mid-level practioners of medical care and assessments.  They will often screen patients (called Triage) to determine exactly what the baseline problem is and prepare the doctors space to quickly and efficiently do his own assessment.\n\nIf medications are needed, the doctor will provide orders and the nurse will then follow up with this part of the patients care.\n\nIn the case of Nurse Practitioners, they are often primary care givers in the place of doctors and can do many assessments with the backing of a physician in the clinic.  They can provide perscriptions for certain medications and do assessments such as PAP smears, etc.
The thing people forget or are confusing in this whole issue is that that the people that are rioting over the Danish cartoons think that the governernment of Denmark has something to do with the printing/content of that paper. Here, is the US, decisions on what to print are made by editors based on what they personally deem 'newsworthy' or what will sell papers, providing it isn't libelous or slanderous. Freedom of speech means you cansay anything you want and I will defend your right to say it. I DO NOT have to agree with what you are saying to want you to be able to express it. I personally, thought the cartoons were in poor taste, as I would any cartoons of someone else's religion. But it isn't illegal in the US to print bad taste. See most all of our newspapers for reference...\n\nWhere there is no free speech/free press, what is in the papers is an extension of the government. Here, the press is frequently counter to the goverment. They help to keep them in check.\n\nHolocaust/racist cartoons don't get printed in the mainstream press not because they against the law, but because they will upset people and cause the paper not to be bought. The Islamic cartoons weren't printed here, either, for the same reasons.
The sever always says their score first. If you do it the other way it confuses everyone.
shoulder? i dunno
British High Commission \n11, Eleke Crescent, \nVictoria Island, Lagos \nPhone: 1-2619531 1-2619537 1-2619543 1-2619592 1-2619596 1-2619588 1-2619566 \nFax: 2666909 \n\nhttp://www.britishhighcommission.gov.uk/servlet/Front?pagename=OpenMarket/Xcelerate/ShowPage&c=Page&cid=1109167301136
www.marshall.edu/workshop-physics/U6S04.HTM
The earths atmosphere! its transparent, so it never shines, yet blue when you look at it.
5.2915
8. TERMINATION/CANCELLATION.\n\nYou may terminate your registration at any time by contacting our Member CareDepartment. If you have a dispute with us relating to the Website or theServices, you may cancel your registration or cease use of the Website. Thecancellation of your membership or ceasing all use of our Website is your onlyremedy with respect to any such dispute that you may have with us. We willattempt to process all cancellation requests within 72 hours after we receiveyour request. If you have purchased a fee-based Service from us, any suchtermination or cancellation is subject to the refund policy described in theAdditional Terms. From time to time certain members do not comply with theterms and conditions in the Terms of Use. If we determine, in our solediscretion, that you are not in compliance with the Terms of Use, we reservethe right to terminate your membership. Upon any termination or cancellationof your membership, we may immediately deactivate or delete your membership andall related information and/or bar any further access to your membership orinformation.
Africa.....
water and many more
I'm assuming you mean literature. Most Authors are liberals and they find ways to make their ideas look good. An example of this is the book from the 60's, Peyton Place. In the book, a man is committing incest with his daughter and the author manipulates us into cheering the doctor who performs an illegal abortion on her when she gets pregnant. What isn't brought up is the fact that her father could have been stopped if it was known that she was pregnant. Since it wasn't reported, he got away with it. Also, the humanity and innocence of the baby is totally ignored.      \nP.S. I LOVE spell check!
An easy, free and simple to use program to reduce picture size is PIXresizer.\nhttp://bluefive.pair.com/pixresizer.htm
time is infinite. Just because we started to exist doesnt mean it started with us. it was there before us and it will be there after us. FOREVER!! ^_^
Both. Since they are in the funeral industry, they are happy to have the business. However, seeing the grief that people endure every day takes its toll. Very few morticians would say that they are happy to see people die, and caring for the dead can be somewhat draining due to the intensity of emotion shown by the survivors. But, to be realistic, every time someone dies, it puts food on the funeral director's table. That's the reality of the business. Death, for them, equals a paycheck.
40 HP with an upgrade. Kidding. I have no idea I just wanted to be the only girl to answer your question. Good Luck
People who smell bad, or have bad breath often times don't realize it. Sometimes it becomes apparent from the reactions of other people, sometimes it doesn't. If you kiss someone with bad breath, it usually hits you right in the face (no pun intended!).
HOLA OR HEY WAT'S UP WIT CHA GURL OR BOI NOTHIN MUCH WIT THIS GURL
Mens LSU and womens Duke
To find a solution for an equation, we can use the basic rules of simplifying equations. These are as follows:\n \n1) You may evaluate any parentheses, exponents, multiplications, divisions, additions, and subtractions in the usual order of operations. When evaluating expressions, be careful to use the associative and distributive properties properly. \n\n2) You may combine like terms. This means adding or subtracting variables of the same kind. The expression 2x + 4x simplifies to 6x. The expression 13 - 7 + 3 simplifies to 9. \n\n3) You may add any value to both sides of the equation. \n\n4) You may subtract any value from both sides of the equation. This is best done by adding a negative value to each side of the equation. \n\n5) You may multiply both sides of the equation by any number except 0. \n\n6) You may divide both sides of the equation by any number except 0. \n\nHint: Since subtracting any number is the same as adding its negative, it can be helpful to replace subtractions with additions of a negative number.
Think about what you really want to do and have your resume at the top indicate what you want to do. Don't submit a resume that says you want an interesting job and leave it to the employer to decide where to put you. He or she will drop your resume in the garbage. You need a sentence like you want to find a sales job where you can use your strong interpersonal skills for example. Most people get their jobs from people they know so talk to people you know and let them know you are looking for work. You can also get the telephone book and call places you would like to work. For example, if you want to do mortgages, go to the yellow pages and call mortgage companies and get the name of the person to fax or mail your resume to.
Some are high in fat and cholesterol but they are still good if you don't over do it.  I love cheese.  They are made with milk so they have calcium.
you have defined the scope of your area of interest...your question is?
pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis\n\nA lung disease
You can't! Just face your fears and do it I say!
Definitely shady.....watch her very closely. : )
LET ME TELL YOU WHEN THEY SAY I LIKE YOU AS A FRIEND AND WHEN YOU ARE ALONE IT IS DIFFERENT: THAT IS CALLED BEING PHONY AND PLAYING GAMES. SHE WANTS TO PLAY ON THE FACT THAT YOU LIKE HER AND PROBABLY WOULD DO ANYTHING FOR HER. YOU NEED TO TELL HER NOT TO LEAD YOU ON BECAUSE IF YOU DON'T YOU WILL BE THE ONE HURT IN THE END. TELL HER ASS TO KEEP IT REAL IF SHE WANTS YOU SHE DO IF SHE DON'T SCREW HER. FIND YOU SOMEONE THAT LIKES YOU AND WON'T PLAY IMMATURE GAMES. PUT HER IN CHECK FOR REAL BEFORE YOU GET HURT.
What are you talking about? 2 points
YES.\nI feel that I'm always in love even that my gf had dumped me few weeks later,even that she hurted me a lot I feel that I still love her.\nIt's always great to be in love,even that this love sometimes be with who don't deserve.\nFinally,yeah.I'm in a deep love towards my ex GF & I don't know what to do towards it.
Most geologists view crude oil, like coal and natural gas, as the product of compression and heating of ancient vegetation over geologic time scales. According to this theory, it is formed from the decayed remains of prehistoric marine animals and terrestrial plants. Over many centuries this organic matter, mixed with dried mud, is buried under thick sedimentary layers of material. The resulting high levels of heat and pressure cause the remains to metamorphose, first into a waxy material known as kerogen, and then into liquid and gaseous hydrocarbons in a process known as catagenesis. These then migrate through adjacent rock layers until they become trapped underground in porous rocks called reservoirs, forming an oil field, from which the liquid can be extracted by drilling and pumping.
The WORLD CHAMPION White Sox, of course!!!!! Who would dare pick against Ozzie's guys, huh?\n\n: D
why
end!!! i die i will die !!!\n\nlive life if wat got can't wate it only 1 u get till ur here til u run out\n\nworld will keep on going on evan if u die\n\n\ndeath is normal every one dies \n\n\n\nwhen i die i die the end of that but if god exists whiole diff. story\n\n\nif god exists i will go to hell and rot there get beat on by satan will heart me and afet i pay my dets all the eval u have done in few hundred years i got o hevan!!!!\n\nthe end!!!
Earth is the only planet not named after someone from Greek or Roman mythology...it comes from German-influenced Old English...other names for earth are Gaia and Terra, they come from Greek and Latin respectively...
Don't look for a quick solution like medications (unless if you consider your nervousness bad enough to need medications as a side treatment). The answer for the relief of nervousness, same as any other psychological problem, is to find out what is causing it. What goes through your mind when this is happening? Monitor your thought patterns. Don't try to change anything or think or feel differently, that only makes things worse. Your only job is to realise what is happening, what goes through your mind exactly. At times this will give you an instant relief. At other times the problem is much deeper and more chronic, and realising what you are thinking does not make the problem go away straight away. But even though you may not realise it, doing this will gradually make those forces inside you weaker and weaker everytime you monitor those thoughts. After a while you will realise that the nervousness is not that intense anymore and if you keep going it will be completely resolved. \n\nUsually monitoring your thoughts will give you MUCH MUCH more than you bargained for. Realising one little thing could lead to realising other things and before you know it you can have much more overall life satisfaction...
I think for most sensitive girls (I would say I am one) I think it is best done like a band-aid - really. A lot of the time we fake that we are sensitive and vulnerable so guys feel they can't leave us. Also, how do you know that she doesnt doubt the relationship as well. Above all - you need to tell her how you feel. I can guarentee that is the only way to go forward. And when you tell her, just say 'we need to talk about us' so she knows exactly what is coming.
It a fielding position Very close to the batsman.\n\nRefer to know all the fielding positions\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fielding_positions_in_cricket
Platinum is extremely dense (heavy for its size).  Not only will it not float in water, it will sink faster than lead!  Its extremely difficult to measure the size of a small ring using the water test-I know, Ive tried it and I have access to a laboratory.  Platimun, like gold, is resistant to normal acids.  If your ring resists corrosion from hydrochloric or sulphuric acid, its platinum.
Credit card companies?  They are not in the business of helping you rebuild your credit.\n\nDo you mean credit repair agencies?  They are scams.  \n\nThey offer to do work for you that you can do yourself!  But they want to charge you hundreds of dollars for the privilage.\n\nRead the links below for info on how to rebuild yoru credit.   Contact me if you need more help, advice, or encouragement.\n\nI'm not a lawyer or credit counsoler.  I'm just someone who has been down this road before, and helped others too.
Get her land on the Moon, Mars or Venus. Look it up on the web land on the moon and some planets is being sold it is not expensive and you can buy acres. Just imagine how wonderful it will be for her to tell her friends that she literally owns a piece of the heavens and it is a real future investment and the names of the available property are just awesome check them out : Sea Of Vapors ($18.95/acre), Sea Of Tranquility (The Moon's Most prestigious Location)$37.50/acre, Bay Of Rainbows\nOnly $32.00/acre, Sea Of Cold Only $19.95/acre.\nwww.planetaryinvestments.com, www.lunarregistry.com and www.moonestates.com are some of the sellers
I do not think that you can claim them on your taxes. To claim a child or any dependent they have to live with you at least 6 months out of the year.
My personal view is because they are not as healthy for people or for the enviornment...the reason why they are not good for the environment is because the best produce to buy is that grown closest to home. Less gas is used and local farmers get the money as opposed to large corporations who are trucking it across the U.S. in refgridgerated trucks. I think there are lots of negative effects that would be hard to go into here but you should try looking up the positive effects of organic and locally grown conventional produce to get you started thinking. Does any of that help?
Picture a right triangle.  Moon's distance is the base, moon's diameter is the height.  Long base, small height.  Angle between base and hypotenuse is 00087 radians.  Height / base is tangent of that angle.  so tan(0.0087) = 3500 / distance.  rewrite as distance = 3500 / tan(0.0087) and solve with calculator.  answer should be in ballpark of 240,000 miles which is 384,000 km.
Didn't know they had jobs- apart from looking for gold!
Sugar and BP both can make you dizzy and feel sick at your tummy. There are medicines your doctor can prescribe for the panic attacks and anxiety. Just call him and let him know what is going on. He will know what you can take that won't counteract with your other medicines.
God given rights are invented by people.\n\nwhat iran does in Iran is their business\n\nto say they have no God is arrogant ,racist and incorrect they are very religious as a people\n\nNeverthelees not to sure what you mean enrich their uranium do you mean upgrade the uranium they got?????.
All official email communications from Yahoo! regarding accounts will be marked in a blue color.
The confused, hot German. That way, you can totally mess with him and get him even more confused.
not sure about .prn but .rar is a compressed file. You have to extract it. Extract Now is one you can use, it's at download.com\n\nhttp://www.iitk.ac.in/nt/faq.htm says to never open a .prn file in any application
Mike is king
This a question which needs to be answered with lots of knowlegde. Whether they actually exist has never been explained by science but then there are so many things which science is yet to explain or bring out proofs. We got to understand one basic fact the Science means those things which we can understand. For ghosts and paranormal phenomenon we can find thousands of people who can give testimony of their own experiences. So unless science proves ghosts are not there we can never say there are no ghosts. Its upto ourselves to believe or not.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Be yourself, and the longer you know a girl the more you guys will think alike. (Not in a creepy way) Get someone who has the same views and opinions on life as you and it will all come together on its own. Good Luck:)
The Anchorage area seems to be a convergence of significantly different geological types.\n\nI bet the University would be willing to answer your questions,\n\nhttp://www.uaa.alaska.edu/ctc/programs/chugiak-eagleriver/geology.cfm
NOW! God please! I feel the same way, just i wouldn't slit my wrists, and u probaley shouldn't either......kinda bad for u and stuff.
into your girl
Depends on what you mean by "went to the Moon".\n\nThe crews of Apollo 8,10, and 13 went to the moon but did not land.\n\nApollo 8 -  Frank Borman, Jim Lovell, Bill Anders\nApollo 10 -  Tom Stafford, John Young, Gene Cernan\nApollo 13 -  Jim Lovell, Jack Swigert, Fred Haise\n\nApollos 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, and 17 had two men each who walked on the Moon, while a third orbited in another spacecraft.\n\nApollo 11 -  Neil Armstrong (walked), Buzz Aldrin (walked), Mike Collins\nApollo 12 -  Pete Conrad (walked),  Al Bean (walked), Dick Gordon\nApollo 14 -   Al Shepard (walked), Ed Mitchell (walked), Stu Roosa\nApollo 15 -  Dave Scott (walked), Jim Irwin (walked), Al Worden, \nApollo 16 -  John Young (walked), Charlie Duke (walked), Ken Mattingly \nApollo 17 -  Gene Cernan (walked), Jack Schmitt (walked), Ron Evans
10?
Speaking as a representative of hairy beasts everywhere, let me say that some women like it a lot, not too many, but most aren't much fussed, one way or the other. \n\nThey really don't care if you've got body hair, so long as they like you. However, I once dated a girl who suggested I wax. \n\nWe weren't together long.
Puff The Magic Dragon
Contrary to what you may think, the term has nothing to do with the stereotypical frugal Scotsman. Actually, a "scot" or "sceot" was a municipal tax in 12th century England, and someone who went "scot-free" was one who succeeded in dodging that tax. Scot also came to mean the amount owed for entertainment in a tavern, including drinks. If you got a free drink, you drank "scot-free".
Entrepreneur Magazine has a very detailed article on how to start a staffing business. I suggest you check it out:\nhttp://www.entrepreneur.com/article/0,4621,287033-1,00.html\n\nFor more in-depth information, you may want to buy or borrow the following books:\n\n- Start Your Own Staffing Service (Startup) (Paperback)\nby Krista Thoren Turner \n- Start Your Own Executive Recruiting Business (Entrepreneur Magazine's Start Up) \n- The Complete Guide to Owning and Operating a Home-Based Recruiting Business: A Step-By-Step Business Plan for Entrepreneur\n- The Business of Staffing: Working with Clients to Achieve Success (Inside the Minds) s by Charrissa D. Cawley\n\nFor information on starting a business in Texas, check out \nTexas Economic Development Guide to Starting a Business http://www.tded.state.tx.us/guide/ and Texas Secretary of State Business Start-Up Information http://www.sos.state.tx.us/corp/related.shtml\n\nHope this helps\nIsabel Isidro\nFor information on starting a business, visit http://www.powerhomebiz.com
Usually normal babies this age can begin eating strained or pureed foods at first.  Plain rice could be difficult or dangerous for the baby if it is still firm as he/she could choke on it.  It would be best to ask your Doctor for advice pertaining to your baby in case there are some special concerns and for a general nutrition plan.  Also, there are many good books and pamphlets about this available from WIC or at your pediatrician's office.
See the answer above.
Woodrow Wilson and many Americans blamed the war on militarism, and this was a theme that figured prominently in anti-German propaganda throughout France, Great Britain and, from 1915 onwards, in the United States. The idea was that the Kaiser and his autocratic Prussian government had a thirst for military power and glory, and such goals took priority over the needs and wishes of the people. The implication was that a "democratic" government would not have instigated the war.\nAmerica's long-standing policy of isolationism left the United States reluctant to involve itself with what was popularly perceived, among the American public, as a European war.\nEarly in 1917, Germany resumed its policy of unrestricted submarine warfare. This, combined with public indignation over the Zimmermann telegram, led to a final break of relations with the Central Powers. After further U-boat attacks on American merchant ships, President Woodrow Wilson requested that Congress declare war on Germany.
yea i don't know anything bout astrology but if y'all together for that long with a healthy relationship why would u break up over something so little?
There have been other reports to that effect.  The White House had no comment to the Washington Post when asked about the Ha'aretz story, which is a strong hint that they could not deny it.  I'll see if I can find sources for you.\n\nIn the meantime, Bush has made similar statements about being specifically guided by God.  He told Bob Woodward that he doesn't have to pay attention to his father, the ex-President's advice, because he answers to a higher Father.\n\nAnd here are more reports: Earlier, Jackson Lears in the New York Times reported Bush as saying, "''Events aren't moved by blind change and chance''..., but by ''the hand of a just and faithful God.'' From the outset he has been convinced that his presidency is part of a divine plan, even telling a friend while he was governor of Texas, ''I believe God wants me to run for president.'' This conviction that he is doing God's will has surfaced more openly since 9/11. In his State of the Union addresses and other public forums, he has presented himself as the leader of a global war against evil. As for a war in Iraq, ''we do not claim to know all the ways of Providence, yet we can trust in them.'' God is at work in world affairs, he says, calling for the United States to lead a liberating crusade in the Middle East, and ''this call of history has come to the right country.''"  (http://bushwatch.org/evangelist.htm -- a biased site, but the quotes are accurately attributed)
Have you ever seen the movie oh darn whats the movie- anyways it has robin williams and he was first a robot and he decided that he wanted to become human to know what it was like to live, love, laugh, and enjoy life...well at one point he starts to cry and he realizes he feels- we feel so that we can have a deeper connection not only with ourselves but with the world around us. Feeling is a much needed thing - think about this if you had no feelings - you have a dog and it gets hit by a car a person with no feelings would shrug it off and walk away - a person with feelings who had a bond a connection would be very grieved on the matter - thats something to think on.
Me, Myself and I
There is a risk / reward equation to every situation. A person must decide if the reward is worth the risk. In MLM the picture given at the outset is EXTREMELY rosey and there are those who buy in. A person isn't trying to lose friends at the outset. Let me tell you hope fades fast, which isn't a reason not to hope again.
Not if you don't have locks they aren't.
I assume you are refering to "brake horse power". or engine horse power. It's the amount power your engine puts out at the flywheel, versus at the rear wheels.
o im good at this\ncuz i know where ur coming from\nim me at chic4god2007\nor email me there\ntell me where u see him, school, grocery store, church?\nand how do u think he knows, did someone tell him\nor he has that lil grin on his face that tells u that\nor does he act all consceited\n:)\nwb ok?\nill give u great advice
cause they are pigs/
You can get free polyphonic and mono ringtones here:\nhttp://www.free-ringtones-free-logos.com\nhttp://www.thebestfreetones.com/Ringtone.html\nhttp://www.thefreesite.com/Mobile_Phone_Freebies/\nhttp://www.flycell.com/af/?ref=46&gclid=CL2ti7W6woMCFQxsDgodViLFvw\n\nThis program converts songs on your computer into ringtones:\nhttp://www.tonethis.com/index.php?page=home\n\nVerizon customers can sign in their mobile numbers here:\nhttp://getitnow.vzwshop.com/index.aspx?id=music#\n\nYou can also go through P2P to get ringtones:\nhttp://www.limewire.com\nhttp://www.emule.com\n\nGood luck and have a nice day!
www.ajkids.com
'Those who believe and those who are Jews, and Sabaeans and Christians - whosoever believes in God and the Last Day and does good work - there shall no fear come upon them, neither shall they grieve.'\n\nSābi'ūn appears to be a coordinate with the accusative nouns before it, and should accordingly have been accusative, but it is nominative. Here again there is another (if less common) reading wa'l-sābi'īn making it accusative with no shift. Muslim scholars have expressed various views to explain the nominative sābi'ūn. \n\nSome see the nominative as justifiable because when inna is followed by an invariable noun (here al-ladhina), a following noun in conjunction could either be accusative governed by inna, or nominative, cancelling the government of inna. Rāzī prefers this view. Others see the nominative as marking a fresh sentence, with an unexpressed predicate, i.e. wa'l-sābi'ūn kadhālik, in the sense that those who believe, the Jews, the Christians, those who believe in God and the Last Day and do good work shall not fear nor shall they grieve, and this also applies to the sābi'ūn. As Khalīl and Sibawaih put it.\n\nThe sābi'ūn have not been co-ordinated with the foregoing groups to bring out that, of all the groups mentioned, they are the most forward. The intended effect of the verse is something like: 'God will accept repentance from these groups, should they believe and do good works and He will wash away their sins, so that even the sābi'ūn will be treated in this manner if they too believe'.
Click on the link in the "source(s)" box below.  Enter the town name or postcode of the place you want weather readings for and hit enter.\n\neg readings for Perth (postcode 6000) on 03/04/2006:\n\nTemperature/Dewpoint/Relative Humidity/Feels Like \n22.5°C/9.3°C/43%/22.5°C \nWind Gusts/Pressure/Rain Since 0900 \nSSW 5kt 8kt/1020.5hPa/0.0mm
Sam Walton also almost always purchased American made goods.  The only time that non-American made goods were purchased is when he couldn't find an American company that made what he was looking for...A lot of people appreciated that...it gave American blue collar workers jobs.  Now days, Wal-mart has put American companies out of business (Pillowtex?) and American blue collar workers out of work.  Presently, Wal-mart is starting to have a huge image problem -- from Immigrant worker scandals, to people not wanting them in their town.  \n\nAlso, Sam Walton never put a store in a huge metropolitan area.  He put them close enough for people to drive to, but not in a metro area.  \n\nInterestingly enough, they are huge in China.  I guess the Chinese will have to learn the hard way, huh?
Please do have a check up with the dentist..then make it a habit of brushing your teeth at least mininum 2 times a day..It also will help if u can gargle after each meal..\ntake some time to floss between the teeth as well..remember,teeth has got 4surfaces tht we need to clean..to avoid built ups of tartar and food..\nimagine thousands of bacteria digesting them and then producing acids tht causes holes and cavity..it wont be a nice view and its a total turn off for kissing!!\nHygiene the best policy so make it a habit today!
I fully believe that you can be in love with 2 people at the same time.  They are going to be different types of love because no 2 loves are the same, but I'm not sure if you are really over your ex.  I know how you feel.  You want him, but don't want a relationship with him.  You want him to want you.  But you are in love with your current BF.  And also, the fact that you have so long without your BF is giving you a lot of time to think.  \n\nI'm sorry that you are feeling this way.  The only thing that I can tell you is to try to stay away from your ex.  Unless of course you want a relationship with him.  I think that time away from him and time spent thinking about your new relationship should help.  \n\nAnother suggestion if that doesn't work... make a list of all the things that you didn't like about him when you were in a relationship.  And really asses them... ask yourself if he has changed and if you were with him again would it really work out.\n\nGood luck!
No, Kenny just got married to a woman, Renee Zelwegger.\nNo, Hammett is happily married to wife Lani (who is half-Hawaiian and half-Sicilian), and lives in San Francisco.
Yopu've got them all here:\nhttp://www.padutch.com/mem-shop.shtml
for example, the rainforest leaves that are underneath the canopy on the forest floor are HUGE, that's because they don't get a whole lot of sunlight, so they need a bigger surface area to pick up the light that DOES come through.  simple examples like that.
Well, I've lived in Senegal for a few years and the Senegalese people are very kind and hospitable. They use drums, mainly, in their music. Sometimes, they use an instrument like a banjo(kind of). They play them really fast and they dance to it with a lot of snappy movements. Wolof is their traditional language. I only know a few words. They passed their music down from generation to generation. These instruments and type of dance are how they were long before.
Well by asking this question you just did.  Good luck.
is you like him you should go for it before he make some othere dission
You need to learn how to use a proxy server. \n\nHere's a huge tutorial on Proxy servers: http://compnetworking.about.com/cs/proxyservers/a/proxyservers.htm\n\nHere's another site with info:\n\nhttp://www.rohitab.com/discuss/lofiversion/index.php/t9511.html
The only bowling alley left in tijuana is "Bol-Bol".\n\nYou can find it in "Plaza Mundo Divertido" (shopping mall). You just go straight in the "via rapida" (ha, sliped my mind how you would call it in english) and you 'll find it on your right side (passing Home Depot and Costco)\n\n:) hope i didn't confuse you too much.
Who is praising the idiot christian, I have not heard anything about it.
A sextant is used to determine Latitude.  A sextant and an accurate time piece, known as a chronograph, are required to compute Longitude.
There are some offers that puport to pay you to surf, such as http://www.12dailypro.com/ . However, these are all pyramid schemes -- meaning you have to con other people into doing it in order to make money -- and there are a million and one ways for them to never pay you, if you read the fine print.\n\nBasically, all "paid to surf" deals are the Amway of the Internet. Don't do it.
THE BEST:  It's Pi Day!  Yep, the unofficial celebration for Pi Day derived from the common three-digit approximation for the number π: 3.14.  (3-14 = March 14 ... LOL!  Isn't that great!?)\n\nMore from Wikipedia:\n\n\n1794 - Eli Whitney is granted a patent for the cotton gin. \n\n1900 - The Gold Standard Act is ratified, placing United States currency on the gold standard. \n\n1903 - Theodore Roosevelt issues an executive order making Pelican Island, in Florida, a “preserve and breeding ground for native birds,” marking the birth of the National Wildlife Refuge System. \n\n1923 - Pete Parker does the first-ever complete radio broadcast of a hockey game in the world, in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada. \n \n1964 - A jury in Dallas, Texas finds Jack Ruby guilty of killing John F. Kennedy assassin Lee Harvey Oswald. \n1967 - The body of President John F. Kennedy is moved to a permanent burial place at Arlington National Cemetery. \n\n1980 - In Poland, a plane crashes during an emergency landing near Warsaw, killing a 14-man American boxing team and 73 others. \n \n1994 - Timeline of Linux development: Linux kernel version 1.0.0 is released. \n\n1995 - Manned space mission: Astronaut Norman Thagard becomes the first American astronaut to ride to space on-board a Russian launch vehicle. \n\n\n2004 - Chris Benoit won the World Heavyweight Championship at WrestleMania XX.
I think people are like, pausing to, like, figure out what they're like going to say next, like, you know?  And don't forget ending all sentences as a question?  Because, like, what you said might not like be okay, you know?  \n\nI am ashamed to think I ever spoke like that. But I probably did.
This is a copy and paste from the website listed below.\n\nThough Hermes had many tasks and responsibilities as a God, his main function was as the messenger to the Gods. Besides carrying messages, many of the Gods relied on him to help hide their own misdeeds. He was wore winged sandals for speed, and carried a caduceus (known today as a symbol of medicine). He was also involved in travel, good luck and fortune, gambling, creativity, astronomy, music, public speaking, medicine, literature and athletics.\n\nHermes also functioned as a psychopomp, leading the souls of the dead to Hades. Because as an infant, he snuck away from his mother and stole cattle from Apollo, Hermes is the patron God of thieves.\n\nHermes father was Zeus, but his mother was Maia (a Nymph). Most of Hermes' children are lesser known figures of Greek history, but he did father Pan, the wild nature. Pan's mother was either Penelope (wife of Odysseus) or Callisto (another Nymph). As with much of the lineages of Greek legend, it depends on which myths you are reading.\n\nHermes was in control of the elements, and was the patron God of alchemists. Even today, he is credited with founding the magickal practices of Hermeticism. Not a religion, this is an esoteric path that includes alchemy, Qabalah, and theosophy. He is sometimes associated with the Egyptian god of knowledge and writing, Thoth. It's believed that Hermes/Thoth created the Emerald Tablets, which form the basis of Hermetic thought.\n\nIn the Roman pantheon, Hermes was known as Mercury.
how do i know if iam falling in love with my best friend?\n\n-If you have to ask, you probably are.\n\nwhy cant i tell him how i am fealing about him?\n\n-You're not emotionally mature enough to deal with it yet.  Sorry.
He's saving your for Plan B. I suggest you look elsewhere.
Http://www.mess.be <-- they have a free program for this! =)\n\nI also shared your problem with the Mp3's, I combatted it with WinAmp, their search facility is amazing. also, you can right-click the song you want in the playlist, and 'open the containing folder', 'send to CD' et cetera. It's great.\n\nRegards.
Flash drives are getting cheaper by the day. You can pick up 512 megs for as little as 30 bucks. They will work on all systems above windows me. For me and lower you will need to load drivers.
Take a trip to New York City, Go to Times Square, Buy a Cup of Coffee in the Starbucks in the corner next to the GIft shop. Watch people go by like crazy while you enjoy the coffee.
This is the web page of Slovenian chamber of commerce. They will probably be able to give you some information about the companies: \n\nhttp://www.gzs.si/eng/
There is no indication that he committed the unpardonable sin, blasphemy of the Holy Spirit (Matthew 12:32).  \n\nHe did, no doubt, viloate the third commandment, as do all leaders who are implementors of commercial Christianity.  His choice of the 25th of December was probably more deliberate because he was a son worshiper.  That is the date Nynus (Tammuz) the sun god, the alleged son of Nimrod, was born. His motives were probably political even though he had the "vision" of the shields with crosses on them and the message was "in this sign conquer".
Ecclesiastes 12:13 The conclusion of the matter, everything having been heard, is: Fear the [true] God and keep his commandments. For this is the whole [obligation] of man.\nHope this helps! :)
The best thing is to get the GIMP.  It's a free image manipulation package that's easily as easy to use as Photoshop and best of all, it's free and installs easily without serials or keys.\n\nIf you must install and use that downloaded Photoshop, then I really can't help much with the downladed version as I have no idea what was downloaded (could be anything).  Plus, when you download stuff off Limewire, it could be the real thing or it could be a virus.\n\nThe GIMP is really a far safer approach.  You'll need to download two installer packages GTK 2 Runtime and The GIMP.  After that, install these two files and you're all set.  The GIMP does pretty much everything that Photoshop can do, in case you were wondering.
All kinds of music...\n\nVisit my site http://dominipod.net to get an idea...
I can't imagine any reason why a party for a one year old would be any place other than at home.\n\nThe only reasons one might have it elsewhere seem to be:\n\n1.  Have it at an exotic restaurant if your child is enamoured of their signature plate.\n\n2.  Have it at a nice bar if your child likes mixed drinks that you don't know how to make at home.\n\n3.  Have it at a dance hall if your child cannot enjoy herself without dancing.\n\n4.  Have it at a country club if your child must golf during her party.
That's a great question.. I would start with the website manager of the site you're visiting, I would then go to your ISP(Internet Service Provider)to complain about the site if they didn't respond then ultimately I would end up at the FCC (Federal Communications Commission)
Anime episode 110 /110. Konoha's Five
i like that show to wasn't to crazy about Denis Leary but after watching him on that show Rescue Me he makes the show for what it is.I believe it's coming back for the season opening during the spring and summer seasons.That what they do with season shows. He'll be back don't you worry. Probably better than ever.Cuz that's was makes "Season Finales."Just like Nip/Tuck is on a Season Run. I like that show too.take care and HAVE A NICE DAY!!!!!!!!or NITE!!!!!!! Bye.......
Pros of sexuality=prostitutes\nCons of sexuality=convicts
Normal trading hours are from 9:30 AM until 4 PM EST.  The NASDAQ and American Stock Exchange follow the same hours as the NYSE.  There are extended hours before and after normal trading also on the exchanges.
A meter has the same length no matter where you are.  The GPS system might use the curvature of the earth to modify the length of what the system describes as a meter, because a curved meter spans a shorter distance along one axis.  The length of a meter is immutable and is defined as: the length of the path traveled by light in vacuum during a time interval of 1/299,792,458 of a second where the speed of light, c, is 299,792,458 m/s.
I would have to say that my favorite would have to be righteousbabe.com.  I really have not found a single political ideal of Ani DiFranco's that I have not agreed with.  She has been one of the main forces that has inspired me to get involed in politics and try to make a difference.  Vote Ani in 2008!!!
So far this year, the best movie i have watch has got to be Tyler Perry's Madea's Family Reunion...Why? "Grit-ball" and for the fact it sends a message to people that family and blood is the most important aspect of a person's life.
Selenium-74 is usually used to produce photoelectric cells. For your extra info, Selenium-74 is a kind of solid which is red in colour.
Sorry, but yes.\nDo youre best and always keep your mind working.....read, puzzles, games, etc.\nDont just watch TV as you age.\nRemember your brain is a muscle. Work it out and youll reap the benefits for years to come.
i think so
scholarships...there should be numerous scholarships for people w/situations like yourself. Check fastweb.com, collegeboard.com, princetonreview.com among others...good luck
Work related stress disorders. They tend to be very work focussed and I read that some Australian research was helping in that area. They could probably help us from taking so many sickies!
Definitely very scary movie.\n\nAddition\nThe reply to you was halfway cut because of letters limit... I will post it again.\n\nPlease contact me via email. My email address is xxx_blackdog@hotmail.com I live in Kyoto-city.
No,I think it was because he was hard to get along with and didn't move fast enough.
There are a million and one canned scripts to do this. Google "Web site poll software."
I actually find it quite funny. He's trying to make jokes, and laughs at them himself. He's so stupid, I may have to switch to something else. A stuttering former alcoholic turned born again christian who murders 20 year old kids in Iraq and then makes JOKES about it for an explanation isn't my idea of morning entertainment. He makes me SICK. For the person below me... People stutter and mispronounce when they're nervous and consciously aware that they're lying or feeding out BS.
its H :)
Here's the thing you can't go looking for love, love will find you.
Congratulations! You have just been awarded my\n\n"DUMBEST QUESTION OF THE DAY AWARD"!!
The Overtaker.
well, since God is an omnipitant creator, then he can choose what events to take place. and yes, this so called "supernatural" stuff does happen, all the time. Sad thing is, allot of people cover it up, because they dont want to admit that there is no way it could hapen other then there being some one placed over us.(God)You may call me krazy, but i HAVE heard Gods voice, he DOES still speak to us. And no im not on drugs and im in my right mind.
You want someone to write the entire thing here for you?\nWell, I am another signifying monkey and I say to h***with it,
The name of an english-made bicycle, popular in the 1950s.
Stop stressin babygurl....there's plenty other dudes in the SEA...if he knows you're stressin the more he's going to keep stringing you along...Just be like Kool whateva...people are like that the more you seemed concernd bout wut he's doin and when he's thinking bout you and so on the more likely hood you become vounerable to his BS ..when he starts..which he might already have...if he not ready to commit you cant force him into it..if you do he'll jus throw it up in you face or it will blow up in your face either way you'll get it in thee face...literally speakin..Just be open minded if has a baby mama then that the chance you take when datin guys like that...ther's always a chance he might go back...I mean they do have to see each other.. Just think what is easier to lite..wood with out lighter fluid, or wood that has been burning for some time..."
Perhaps this means to break loose into a rythmic set of movements?? I have NO idea, as I am not up on any slang.
11 is a special number in numerology. It means that you ought to pay attention to what you really want to do. There is some creative idea bubbling inside of you, and you are probably afraid to let it out. I don't know what it is, but you are supposed to do something original, to what your heart pulls you. Whatever activity it might be, you should be good at it, forgetting about all doubts.\nIf this doesn't tell you anything helpful, it might be alternatively a hint that your career lies in public service. Somewhere you can interact with others, more beneficially. \nHope this helps.
even i dont remember ....but i read in 1880s.....niether author nor book ......newayz ....was quite boring
Funny, I was just gonna say evaluate the integral of \n\nb/a * sqrt(a^2 - x^2)\n\nfrom x = 0 to x = a and multiply by 4.\n\n\n(FYI, that's y when you solve x^2/a^2 + y^2/b^2 = 1 in Quadrant 1)
MUST BE A LOT OF MUSLIMS FANATICS ON THIS ONE QUESTION.\nDON'T LIKE TO SEE THAT MANY AT THE SAME TIME \nITS NICE TO KNOW THAT AN EXPERT WROTE THIS QUESTION WE DONT GET TO MANY OF THEM NOWADAYS.\nI CAN NOT SAY HE IS AND I CAN NOT SAY HE IS NOT \nBUT SEEING AS HOW YOUR QUALIFIED YOU TELL US IS HE?
I don't know if such a tutorial exists, from what I know, dreamweaver doesn't handle PHP, as it is a WYSIWYG editor and PHP causes dynamic content to be created.
I agree, I am a former US Marine and a firefighter hopeful, but we as humans need stimuli, like entertainment, so we pay through the nose to get it, because so many people watch sports. the advertisers pay to sponser teams, and the palyers get alot of that money to keep the games interesting enough to keep the money coming in!!! but yes US Marines and firefighters and police and EMTs should be paid a whole lot more, but then again, the people who are doing it now for such crumby pay, do it because they truely care for mankind, if the money was better, we would have a bunch of asswipes who wouldn't risk their lives...sad paradox.
YOU CAN DO IT VERY EASY BY HAVING YOUR WEB SITE AND EDUCATE PUBLIC ABOUT FAKE DRUG AND CROOK PEOPLE FROM NIGERIA.GO TO PUBLIC PLACE AND ASK PEOPLE TO SIGN A STATEMENT ABOUT FAKE DRUG.PRIOR TO THAT YOU NEED TO HAVE A DOCUMENT TO SUPPORT YOUR THEORY.THE TRICK IS TELLING YOUR GOVERNOR TO ABOLISH DRUG IN YOUR STATE AND IF DRUG IS FREE THEN NO ONE CARE REAL GRUG OR FAKE DRUG.
try this link
Why are you asking yahoo answers gurl?  It doesnt matter what other people think of you, it's what you think of yourself.  You shouldn't worry about it
I'm not but my church has a group of boys who are.  I myself am in charge of the Missionettes... I assume you attend an Assembly?
I use site pro.    They offer free submissions to top search engines. \n "SitePro News" <spn-h@sitepronews.com>"  \n\nIt takes more time than paying for them but you can get on yahoo, google, and a whole lot more for free.  you can sign up for their free email.  The email contains sites that allow free submissions and how to meta tag your webpages so they search correctly.
We are cruisers (sailboat) but you didn't give us enough details to be able to answer your question.  If you add details we can try - what kind of boat, what do you mean by control handle, where is it located, etc.  We'll check back.
You don't need math to find them. Just a mental or physical map. If the object's so hard to find you'd use telescopes with charts and finder scopes and setting circles. You DO use math in astronomy. Duh. But to use math just to find constellations would be like using a compass and a topo map to find your neighborhood.\nI suspect that light pollution is your problem for finding them though. You can hardly find what you can't see.\nDrive to the mountains or a desert or somewhere.\nThen the constellations should stand out very well. What do you expect when you can be 60 miles out to sea and still have NYC's faint glow still above you ?\n(No, I've never been there )
Yes. Please refer to the following link : \nhttp://www.askonline.net/technology/ \n\nYou can also search for : "online tutoring"
you just have to guess correctly the amount the present contestant has in his brief case---and send be SMS\n\nsee the number in deal or no deal program
He recognized him as the Canadian man in the elevator from the hotel.  If anything he was just confused to see him.\n\nThe standing didn't last that long since they were blown up immediately.  Also, I think the prince's men were probably holding guns on him.\n\nI don't think there was a whole lot to read into that ending other than the symbolism of the U.S. destroying two men who were trying to do what they thought was right.
Go to mlb.com before the season starts. Right now on the front page is a section overviewing the top rookies, bounce back players, and candidates for the MVP and Cy Young races. There is also the projected outcome of each division.
go to ebay.com type "free shipping" in search box it will give list of categories with items listed with free shipping.
It depends on how nice you would like your wedding.  $20,000 will give you a very nice wedding for 330 guests.  As a wedding planner I would say that is a good budget that should cover everything.  Of course it all depends on where you are having the wedding.
go to help.sbcglobal.net and choose billing/account from dsl help topics
My family sounds just like your family. It's frustraoccasionallybe very upsetting. I just refuse to discuss any ones weight with them at all and I shut down any weight conversations they attempt with me - positive or negative - because I figure that if I seek their approval I also invite them to criticise.\n\nTo answer the other part of your question - I have occassionally been known to comment on people's weight. BUt only when it is positive such as, someone who has been trying to lose weight and has been successful.
Height doesn't matter actually. If both of you love each other than that won't be a problem. Unless you feel the uneasiness of the height barrier than you have no choice but to break. If both doesn't even have the barrier because of height diff than it should be alright.
love is so beautiful...it's been explaination... you love a person because first you like him/her..then you feel hi/her care..and then because they love you you love them too... and also it is a wonderful feeling...i know i sound stupid...i am not doing a very good explaination here... but love is everything...because also this world is created out of love i guess it's an instinct for a human being to love someone else... for God is love
How do you feel, when you're infront of him? Ever notice how different you feel when you're with him, than when with someone else, or alone? Do you crave some time with him?\ndo you think mainly of doing things with him? Do you have a certain way of looking at him, that only other people notice and you're not aware of it? My guess is, yes, you love him.
you, if you know your family tree, you can go to the state register of deaths, and or search the family tree right from your computer
There is a fantastic tutorial on qmail at the links below. qmail is very secure and is widely used.  Many developers have ported it to the application extensions you want to use, like WebMail, anti-virus and anti-spam.\n\nThis should at least get you started.\n\nGood luck.
There are males and females in the Vatican which officially is it's own Country.\n\nHowever they have a Zero Birthrate so thus any residents who are Pregnant give birth to their Children in Rome, Italy usually.
For good music, do a search on Amazon.com under music. You can search just big band or for a particular artist, like Dizzy Gillespie or Charlie Parker. Try to stick to instrumentals, since some people cannot listen to music with lyrics and carry on a conversation at the same time.
http://dictionary.reference.com/\n\nhttp://elc.polyu.edu.hk/cill/dictiona.htm\n\nhttp://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Main_Page\n\nI hope that helps : )
Put a note on his car at work. Or where ever he's at.. Telling him happy birthday, and that you'd like her him to come over right after he gets off.. Have a nice dinner or luch for him, watch a movie together, and sing him happy birthday..(dont forget to wear the bowe)
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Go to www.yahoo.com   Click on Images... type in Get Fuzzy.   Also, here is an actual website. \n                 http://www.fenya.net/iconic
can't
coffee contains more caffeine,which makes ones mind relaxed and slows it down giving a feeling of light headed ness and sleeplessness.It makes ones mind awake and helps refreshing ourselves.Thats why people like coffee more than tea.
The easiest sport for a rookie is definitely the NFL. If you are on the teams roster even if you don't start you can make a big impact on a team. \n\nSome of the greatest NFL players started out on special teams and have used that to make a name for themselves. A virtually unknown rookie aka. Samkon Gado can become a good starter for an injured player.\n\nThe hardest place for a rookie would have to be in the MLB. Even if you make the 40 man roster it doesn't mean that you will play in a game. In baseball if you are a rookie and you screw up you get sent to the minors to "refurbish" your skills until they become ready to play in the majors.\n\nThe minors is a tough buisness for a baseball prospect. They get payed less than a teacher's salary and often don't get much playing time. \n\nBaseball is by far a tougher sport to get started in, but if you are good enough you could be making in the upper 100 millions. While in football it is easier to be a rookie, but when you make it big you would be lucky to get half that.
just buy a GPS, turn it on, start to walk all the street taking data with GPS... after that use a GIS (Geographical Information System) program to make a street map of the city
You sound like a really sweet kid, just tell her what you told us. If she doesn't go to the prom with you, then it's her loss. Good Luck!
It depends on the size of your frame, but for a medium framed woman who's 5'7", the ideal weight is 135 - 139 pounds (61 - 63 kilograms). For a small framed woman, it would be 126 - 130 pounds (57 - 59 kilograms). For a large framed woman, it would be 144 - 148 pounds (65 - 67 kilograms).
I would start with your local yellow pages, find the nearest office and ask for an agent or customer service rep to give you some information. Or try their website.
Jessica Simpson
Here you are:\nhttp://www.gethuman.com/us/
I think about my boss allot.If you saw him you would probably not believe me.I have a thing for authority and the position that he is in gives him the right to call me on bad things.I love getting in trouble because it gives me his undivided attention and emotions run high.I recently caught him checking the tan lines my g left on my hips when I was reaching for a book on a high shelf.When I turned to go back to work I bumped into him and a button popped off the tight shirt I was wearing.As I walked back to my desk I felt my skin flush.So yeah,I think about making it with my boss.We don't work together do we?
as per i am a girl i hav so many friends in girls
If US intervenes in a civil war situation, then it's no more civil war. Civil war by definition is a war that takes part between factions native to the same country on that country's sovereign territory. If US gets involved and as Iraq is under occupation there can be no civil war.
what is philly
yes
The subject of an artist is the person or thing that poses for the drawing.  Mona Lisa was "the subject" of Da Vinci's masterpiece.   The "subject of a forensic artist" could be the following (and I'm sure there are more):\nA missing person where a picture of when they were young existed and the artist had to draw them as they would look today (age them)...\nA missing person who authorities believe may have changed their appearance...\nA dead person whose idenity is unknown so they need to get it out to the media, etc.,\nOr a crime scene.
you cant if your under 18
elliptical.  the fat burner workouts are awesome.  but all ellipticals are not equal.  i would say the best thing to do is to join a gym and get all the benefits and have all the machines.
Volts X Amps = Watts and\n1000 Watts = 1 Kilowatt\n\n210 Volts X 40 Amps = 8,400Watts or 8.4 Kilowatts since 8,400/1,000 = 8.4
that is depend on where about in the uk you are living\nin some places yes they do\nyou can find their collection timetable on the red collection post boxes
Some tickets go the two teams players and families in the Super Bowl.  You also have to be a season ticket holder of one of the two teams in the Super Bowl.
I know, we all need to get lives.  Besides this, I'm watching Judge Joe Brown on TV.  Ooops, it's Judge Hatchett
It's ten dollars.
Splinter will work their way out, your body rejects it.  When it does come out you will notice a little pus, not to worry, you'll live.  Put some antibiotic ointment on it and you're as good as new.
this is likly  caused because of air presure changes when you fly some ideas to minimise this are chew gum when flying sleep it off possibly take an asprin or somthing similar for the symtoms
most do.  i've been married for 30 yr and get the same thing. with first mife it was she that was cheating and accusing me to justify her guilt. one now doesn't do that garbage.
you can try abandonware http://www.top100gamesites.com/index.html
it is in simplest form. so it would equal 8/21
Well, I read that book last year. It is really good! To summarize this book you have to think back to the story. You could connect it to your life and how it is similiar. You could use an adage or common saying that stands for this book. \nBut mainly, you have to think about the story and write down what you remember. In your own words means that you can't copy down every word from the story.\nGood luck!
these sites will answer every question you have:\n\nhttp://www.mexconnect.com/mex_/travel/dpalfrey/dpquince.html\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quinceanera\nhttp://www.partyspot.com/
you can write to yahoo.....
All the names of species should be written in italics or underlined (if italics are not available, for instance in handwriting). In addition, the name of the genus is always capitalized, whereas the name of the species and/or subspecies are never capitalized. \nMany bacteria also have a code that identifies the strain (special lineage), this can be a combination of letters and numbers.\nThis is an international code agreed upon by  all the scientific comunity.
A zymogram is a strip or band of electrophoretic medium showing the pattern of enzymes or isoenzymes after their separation by electrophoresis.\n\nZymography is an electrophoretic technique, based on SDS-PAGE, that includes a substrate copolymerised with the polyacrylamide gel, for the detection of enzyme activity. Samples are prepared in the standard SDS-PAGE treatment buffer but without boiling, and without a reducing agent. Following electrophoresis, the SDS is removed from the gel (or zymogram) by incubation in unbuffered Triton X-100, followed by incubation in an appropriate digestion buffer, for an optimised length of time at 37?C. The zymogram is subsequently stained (commonly with Amido Black or Coomassie Brilliant Blue), and areas of digestion appear as clear bands against a darkly stained background where the substrate has been degraded by the enzyme.
Toughie.\nSeek out people you trust and don't have a vested interest in your outcome other than to see you happy.  For example, if you are trying to decide what college to attend, sometimes parents don't make the best advocates, because they let their own desires get in the way.\n\nLife is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.  Good luck
to have someone to share life with
Strong back,weak mind, you get the picture? Now to become a Marine is a little more demanding.
Keiichi and Belldandy from Ah! My Goddess.
No, it's perfectly legal to share the connection throughout your network.  Think of it this way...  You think companies go and spend on multiple accounts for one building?  No, the use servers that have their own DNS, DHCP, etc. and use RFC 1918 addresses that are not usable over the net.  You're doing nothing wrong by that.
Evaristo Abaco, 67, Italian composer \nBunny Austin, 94, British tennis player \nJohann Ambrosius Bach, 50, German musician and father of Johann Sebastian Bach \nJohn Banner, 63, Austrian actor (best known as "Sergeant Schultz" in Hogan's Heroes) \nBreanna Lynn Bartlett-Stewart, first Kleihauer-Betke stillbirth \nSam Bass, 27, U.S. outlaw \nSidney Bechet, 62, U.S. jazz musician \nCorrie ten Boom, 91, Dutch writer \nBilly Boucher, 59, ice hockey player \nGiuseppina Bozzachi, 17, Italian ballerina who created Delibes' "Coppelia" \nSir Thomas Browne, 77, English author \nConstantine Cavafy, 70, Greek poet \nAndrew D. Chumbley, 37, Occultist and writer. \nEtienne Dolet, 37, French scholar \nElizabeth of York, 37, consort of Henry VII of England \nFlorbela Espanca, 36, Portuguese poet \nBetty Friedan, 85, feminist leader and author \nBucky Harris, 81, U.S. baseball player \nJohn Harrison, 83, developed and built the world's first successful maritime clock \nGabby Hartnett, 72, U.S. baseball player \nWalter Haworth, 67, British Nobel Prize-winning chemist \nHenry I, King of Portugal, 68 \nJosué Jéhouda, Zionist writer, 76 \nSt John of God, 55, Spanish saint \nHugo Junkers, 76, German engineer \nKamehameha V, King of Hawaii, 42 \nGeorge "Machine Gun" Kelly, 59, U.S. gangster \nNamik Kemal, 48, Turkish playright and poet \nJohnny Longden, 96, British-born U.S. jockey \nKing Mongkut of Thailand, 64 \nBob Moose, 29, U.S. baseball player, pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates \nLevi Morton, 96, Vice President of the United States \nLawrence Oates, 32, British polar explorer on the Scott expedition \nEdna May Oliver, 59, U.S. actress \nBert Patenaude, 65, soccer player, scored the first ever World Cup hat-trick \nFlor Peeters, 83, Belgian organist \nJean Piccard, 79, Swiss-American scientist and balloonist \nPompey the Great, 58, Roman general \nMichael Praetorius, 50, German composer \nDave Prater, 51, member of Sam & Dave \nRaphael, 37, Italian painter \nJilly Rizzo, 75, member of the Rat Pack \nFranklin Delano Roosevelt, Jr., 74, son of the U.S. President \nBidhan Chandra Roy, 80, Chief Minister of West Bengal \nJoe Tinker, 68, U.S. baseball player \nHumbert Wolfe, 55, British poet \nAshikaga Yoshinori, 47, Japanese shogun
if it was legal i would cause alot of people out there have pissed me off by hurting me on porpuss...and all i ever done was be good to them and help them and give to them and so on and so on...it hurts to be used then thrown to the side...
You don't. If the food goes down your windpipe, you want it OUT. Aspiration pneumonia isn't pretty.
Sense of humor, good personal hygiene, good credit, good with kids, someone who is close with their family, someone who is religious, etc etc etc etc........
www.infousa.com
Sounds like a preperation for the end times. I know it looks like they will give him an insanity plea but if they didn't feel that he was insane I assume that he would get the death penalty for being a Christian, and we all know how they execute people over there.
Here's the web site.
It's a root and is used for stomach ailments, nauseua that is why people drink gingerale when they have a stomach bug,\nand is good to add as a spice to food.
Denudation of forests, polluting bodies of water, too much waste, burning non biodegradable products,
In just the way you described. Rule of thumb is to always put the largest and most reliable ram in the first slot. Then subsequent ram in the next slots. Also, its faster speeds when using less ram modules but higher megabytes of ram per ram module stick. Im guessing your using win 98 or win me. If using win95, you need to upgrade my friend! Thats over a decade old if so. Hope this helps. Good luck and happy PC'ing! Shuuutnstr =o)
Take them to hospital waiting rooms and lobbies. There is always a need for them there. Also retirement homes and rest homes. The elderly enjoy reading also and many of them are on fixed incomes and cannot afford such luxuries.
Not much, but you are better off than most I can tell you...
ouch. sounds like you've got yourself a clinger. \nif i were you i would just break it off with him and tell him that it's not working out and that you don't want to see him anymore. be a bit** if you have to so that he doesn't keep pursuing you. Don't take his calls, refuse to see him, and don't give him any reasons to think that you might get back with him. Good luck girl!
This is a very long period to analyse technological change over. For example just consider how much the invention of the machine gun, tank, aircraft, nukes change warfare in just the last 100 years.
NBA- Micahel Jordan...simply the best, and UNC alum\nNFL- Joe Montana...still isn't a QB around as good as he.
the willie hutch samples is. brace yourself.\n\ndoo bah dah\ndoo bah dee\ndoobah dah bo dee\nIt is from tell me why our love turned cold \nfrom willie hutch\nthe original song is\n\ndoo bah dah\ndoo bah dee\ndoobahdah bah dee\n-repeat-\nTell me why \ntell me why\nour love turned cold.\n\nI guess you can call it a doowop or and pre thought scat just to find a note that was added to the song. Or maybe willie was just high and said fuck it lol. A lot of singers, back when people could really sing, did it because they could really sing. I guess it did not matter what was said lol. It is like a song straight out of dolomite, mack, foxy movie. that is the type of music he did. they are not saying anything.\ngo find "tell me why our love turned cold" by willie hutch. And listen for yourself. i swear if it is this easy to get people to believe in something that does not exist i am taking over the world tomorrow.\n\nI wasn't going to post becuase the accual words don't even sound believable but i was tired of the ridiculas post. And those who do not believe just understand that the sample is a song called "why did our love turn cold"\nby a 70's motown artist. why the hell would it say your my god your my king lucifer. as far as the beginning og j rap. the radio said it was saying new shit. \ni really don't know.
The Trilateral Commission was formed in 1973 by private citizens of Japan, Europe (European Union countries), and North America (United States and Canada) to foster closer cooperation among these core democratic industrialized areas of the world with shared leadership responsibilities in the wider international system.
I learned that male mosquitoes drink nectar from flowers and juices from plants. Pretty sweet, huh? Actually, in some species of mosquitoes, both females and males eat nectar and juice, and the females only drink blood when they're going to lay eggs.
1) right triangle\n\n2) question\n\n3) square root\n\n4) whatever you put into it.
Archaic Homo sapiens
Pest-Resistant Crops\nOne of the mainstays of integrated pest management is the use of crop varieties that are resistant or tolerant to insect pests and diseases. A resistant variety may be less preferred by the insect pest, adversely affect its normal development and survival, or the plant may tolerate the damage without an economic loss in yield or quality. Disease-resistant vegetables are widely used, whereas insect-resistant varieties are less common but nonetheless important. Examples include varieties of wheat which have tough stems that prevent development of the Hessian fly and cucurbits (squash, cucumbers, melons) that have lower concentrations of feeding stimulants (cucurbitacins) for cucumber beetles. Commercial corn lines with increased concentration of a chemical called DIMBOA display resistance to European corn borer, a major pest throughout the world. In the case of cabbage, the only reliable method of controlling onion thrips is through the use of resistant varieties.\n\nhttp://www.nysaes.cornell.edu/ent/biocontrol/info/ipmtact.html
Self-confidence is a good thing. It's controlled, and not overdone. Arrogance is bad. It is huge and you act superior than everyone. It's a bad trait to have, it's overdone.
The punishment should fit the crime in ANY case. Until someone gives me an example of something a child would do wrong that spanking would coincide with, I will remain against spanking children.
go to www.askjeeves.co.uk and type in the keywords something like interactive pets games and what it was about and it should come up with some ideas for you
I would go with the automatic if it has the capability of shifting like a manual.  Some call it trip-tronic, auto-stick, and the like.  This tranny allows you to shift without taking your foot of the gas.  I live in Pittsburgh, way to many hills and stop-n-go for a stick.
Tolerance and understanding are the basic virtues of a happy long marriage life. Give more expect less from yours partner.
depends on if they lose them naturally or accidentally.  my daughter tooth was pulled last Feb 05 and is barely growing in.  However her adjacent tooth fell out in Nov and its already coming back in.\n\nOn average it takes her about 3-4 months to grow a new tooth
A good illustrative device could be the electricity meter you certainly have at home too. It's also referred to as 'electromechanical induction meter' or 'Ferraris meter'.\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electric_meter#Means_of_operation\n\nThe invention of its principle is attributed to Galileo Ferraris:\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galileo_Ferraris\n\nHis prototype would have looked like this:\n\nhttp://www.museodifisica.unito.it/schede/scheda00000010.html
an insurance company should be a good path or local chamber of commerce, small buss. admist. these should be free
That depends on how many milligrams per milliliter it is. 1.5 teaspoons equals approximately 7 milliliters, multiply this by the milligrams per milliliter for your answer.
There are sulfites in many foods.  Check out the following website for a comprehensive list of food items containing sulfites and additional information on sulfites.
A perfect number is equal to the sum of it's factors (not including itself)\n\nA prime number only has one factor (ignoring itself) and so a prime number will only have a total of 1 for it's factors and therefore it follows that a Perfect Number can never be a Prime Number.
Try searching here:\nhttp://ssdi.rootsweb.com/cgi-bin/ssdi.cgi\nOnly on e Keith L. rowland came up in search (Bday in Aug 1934\nIt will give you his last residence. Then you could try searching newspaper archives for this area
Yes, I believe that in most cases they believe that they were born that way due to genetics and it was not a choice.
Do a search for blacksmithing \n I have seen several books on knife making on ebay
NO
I dont think its fair because just bcoz of a short bad patch of form( those fights between coach and captain shud never be brought in front) earlier he is not being given the chance. How will u justify VRV Singhs place in the team without letting him play a one day match. He is one of the greatest batsman and its not easy to make 10000 runs in ODI`s. If you do think Ganguly is playing badly then please go out and try to hold the bat. We will see how many runs are being scored by you.\nP.S. He is playing well by the way
Stalin. He killed more people than Hitler. People just didn't speak out as much other wise they usually would end up missing.
A few links for you.
proper diet.and exercise.stay away from fatty foods, fried foods.use extra virgin olive oil when frying. if exercise and diet don't work consult your doctor, you might need a medication to lower your cholesterol level
I looked at your profile where you said "lost and alone". I also looked at your questions. One was on marriage and divorce and getting your heart broken and another was about why life is so disappointing. Another question was if anyone has ever thought about murder. You seem to be suffering from depression or some other mental illness. My guess is that you took an overdose of pills to kill yourself and now you have second thoughts. If this is the case, get someone to take you to the emergency room at the closest hospital or call 911. In any case, you need to see a psychiatrist asap or at least talk with your doctor who can advise you or refer you to someone in the mental health department. Depression is nothing to be ashamed of and you should seek help. Let us hear from you. God bless.
Do you honestly believe that if anyone knew where to find hidden gold they would post it on Yahoo!Answers?
What Dreams May COme, with Robin Williams. Everybody dies in his entire family, and they all have to confront each other and the pain of their lives in the afterlife.
something comfortable so that you'll look nice in the picture.
Hitler and Da Vinci were nearly aborted babies.
go to yahoo avatars and you can make a bunch of different ones...http://avatars.yahoo.com/
It's a page that's the same every time.  A static page is stored in the web server as an HTML file.  When someone requests the page, the server just sends the file.\n\nYou can't tell from the browser what is a static page and what is dynamic because the web server can generate plain HTML that looks static but is generated on demand, and differently each time.
I think LimeWire would be the best program to dowload from...It's much much faster than Kazaa and even Ares!\nHope i've helped!
Vespa makes the best ones.  Make sure your feet can rest flat on the ground and your knees bend slightly.  \n\nColor is a matter of choice but keep in mind, the more you try to make it look like a motorcycle, the more it looks like a scooter.
Because hydrocortizone is a miracle cream!  It can thin the skin though so don't over use it.  Try a natural/herbal cream from a health store.
The short answer is "no one regulates these groups".  They are unaccountable and usually funded by shadow groups and funders.\n\nBelow are some links to those who are researching them.
Format the drive or partition with Linux on it from within Windows.  Right click on My Computer and go to Manage, under Storage click Disk Management, then right click on the drive or partition with Linux on it and select format.  If you had seperate partitions they will stay seperate but you will have the space back.  If you want to merge the partition back with the main drive you will need a program like Partition Magic, http://www.symantec.com/region/au_nz/product/partitionmagic/features.html
Your question got deleted because the political machine ate it.  Apparently it's a crime to ask a question criticizing another country or religion.  I thought this was part of our rights to free speech, but people are VERY pissy on answers about stuff like that.  Anyway, I think we should make France sweat it out a little bit and come crying to us like dogs begging for food.
http://www.webmd.com/content/article/78/95679.htm
sum = 5 + 10 + 15 + 20 + 25 + ... + 995\nsum = 5*(1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 5 + ... + 199)\nsum = 5*(199*200/2)\nsum = 99500\n------------------------------------------\nremember that...\nS = 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + ... + N = N(N+1)/2
If you need a blood transfusion then that need usually supercedes most any other medical condition.  A patient who is critically anemic is at risk for many problems including heart attack, kidney failure, impaired ability to heal.  I can't think of any reason a fever would necessarily preclude having a transfusion.
well get involved in stuff in your area. where i go to college there is a gay straight alliance, and i know that there are things like that all over and even in some high schools for support (im not sure how old you are) and a place to meet other people with your sexual orientation. this will help you get to know other guys that hopefully share similar interests with you and maybe you could develop a relationship or find guys to date there.
"Everytime We Touch"\n\nI still hear your voice, when you sleep next to me.\nI still feel your touch in my dreams.\nForgive me my weakness, but I don't know why.\nWithout you it's hard to survive.\n\nCause everytime we touch, I get this feeling.\nAnd everytime we kiss I swear I could fly.\nCan't you feel my heart beat fast, I want this to last.\nNeed you by my side.\nCause everytime we touch, I feel this static.\nAnd everytime we kiss, I reach for the sky.\nCan't you hear my heart beat so.\nI can't let you go.\nWant you in my life.\n\nYour arms are my castle, your heart is my sky.\nThey wipe away tears that I cry.\nThe good and the bad times, we've been through them all.\nYou make me rise when I fall.\n\nCause everytime we touch, I get this feeling.\nAnd everytime we kiss I swear I could fly.\nCan't you feel my heart beat fast, I want this to last.\nNeed you by my side.\nCause everytime we touch, I feel this static.\nAnd everytime we kiss, I reach for the sky.\nCan't you hear my heart beat so.\nI can't let you go.\nWant you in my life.\n\nCause everytime we touch, I get this feeling.\nAnd everytime we kiss I swear I could fly.\nCan't you feel my heart beat fast, I want this to last.\nNeed you by my side.\nCause everytime we touch, I feel this static.\nAnd everytime we kiss, I reach for the sky.\nCan't you hear my heart beat so.\nI can't let you go.\nWant you in my life
You can start off by minding your own business, and let other people live their lives without persecution.
http://www.annauniv.edu/adm/App_forn.doc.
I think there just sidekicks with different colors and writing on them
This may be what you are looking for (see link)
no set time period..............become nurse first..............if you do good, and kiss up to the management, you can apply for nurse manager position.  Usually takes years
I am a wound care nurse..so lets say your ear is your wound. 1st I read the responses and don't follow the advice of them. \n\nYou need to wash your piercing with soap like dial (antibacterial) and use warm water. Replace your ear ring. Your ears may be sensitive to metals so get some hypo-allegenic ear rings sold at most places, just ask someone for them.  \n\nNo doctor is needed. \n\nYou can use alcohol and peroxide in a 50/50 mix and apply it to the infected area in the morning after waking up and getting out of bed. And at night before bed. do not use these alone or undiluted. These 2 things aide in healing but also if used to much they can kill the bad germs and the good ones too.\n\nDon't use ointments they don't help things like this. Ointments attract dirt and cause the infection to worsen. Clean your ear regularly and keep it clean and dry. If you use hairspray of gel cover the area while fixing your hair.\n\nPierced ear infections are not to hard to clean up just do as I suggest and it should be healed within 1-2 weeks.
hmmm...I don't know, but you have room for 90 more!
Our county assessor has never been in our home.  But he's more interested in the outbuildings.  Contact their office, and ask to see the ruling, or law.
Not only yahoo you can access any internet site through a phone line modem.
wat eva keep ur problems 2 ur self and do your own homework
There are some natural hotsprings West of Tonapah,Nev.
Nanny, nancy drew, nuclear bomb, the number nine, a nerf football, someone from New Zealand, Richard Nixon, Nancy Reagan.
Sorry, water vapour is lighter than dry air.\n\nIMAGINE.\nTake one cubic foot of dry air. On average, it consits of 78% Nitrogen molecules and 21% Oxygen molecules, and 1% of various other gases.\nNow, Each molecule of nitrogen has a molecular weight of 28. And each molecule of oxygen has a molecular weight of 32.\n\nAccording to the laws of nature, if u add watr molecules now to that cubic foot of dry air, either some nitrogen molecules or oxygen molecules would have to leave.\n\nBut, the water molecules, which would replace nitrogen or oxygen, have a molecular weight of 18. This is lighter than both nitrogen and oxygen. That is, replacing nitrogen or oxygen wid water vapour decreases its weight per cubic foot. That meens its density decreases. Read the source below for a more detailed explanation.
IT'S THE MOTHER OF DIRT BIKE COARSE COMPETITION
Ichiro Suzuki from the Seattle Mariners.\n\nDid it 2 ys ago....
Yo', I think you're refferin' to Vinny Coldfinger. His rep hit a real low when they moved him to Florida. They arrested him for soaking a guy in the back.
I'd love to see what it would be like to be a woman for a while.  There are lots of things I'd love to experience from the other point of view.  The clothing options women have really interests me, plus I'd like to see firsthand how most women feel they are treated by guys.
I would tell him that this world is full of crazy people and if you or he need to reach out and contact someone it would be a lot easier to do so with a cell phone then having to rely on a pay phone are some stranger for help. To get information in case of emergency.
Ya know, I was just looking for the same thing. Contact me and we'll talk.
Your asking questions, and not giving specific info. Why would you do a BK? What do you owe? How many accounts would you include? Is there NO way of paying any of these debts?\n\nI operate a non profit credit reapir web site, and I would be more than happy to help you out.\n\nwww.franklincountycreditrepair.com
That sucks.
I've with the same girlfriend for 40 years and we still hold hands so you tell me what is wrong with it,I think there should be more hand holding then what there is.
The weight configuration depends on what you want to do with the ball, or where you tend to miss your shots, ie: hook or slice. \n\nCheck out the website for more info:
The potato blight was caused by Phytophthora infestans.  P. infestans is naturally occurring and typically occurs close to the soil.  When potatoes are grown too close to the surface of the ground, and P. infestans is present, the very outside of the potatoes turn green.  It is common to find potato chips that are green around the outside.  It's caused by the same thing that caused the potato blight!  Although I don't eat green potato chips, they are allegedly not harmful to eat.
He's an adult at 18 regardless of military status.  Your child support obligations ended the day he turned 18.  If you have a contractual obligation to pay for college or otherwise support him past the age of 18, his enlisting in the military will not nulify the obligations, but you should no longer be paying standard child support to his other parent.
First off, if you have to ask then it isn't there. Second, in this situation the most that it is at this point is she may like you. You are probably infatuated with her, not in love. When you are in love, there is no doubt, you know everything about the person and there isn't anything that they will go through that you won't stand by their side for. They are your other half and you are dependent on them emotionally and can't live without them. I am sure that you two like each other very much, and true love is something that you will experience when you are older, but live life and go through this lust love and have fun.
"nevado" is a spanish name for a mountain/volcano covered with snow, "del ruiz" is the actual name of the nevado.
no actual scientific reason. its just true and they used it to derive all these laws and stuff. its like why does \n-1 x 1 = -1. it just does and its used to derive other stuff. (i couldnt think of a better example)
I believe that it was actually coordinated by the USA.
I can throw you through it if you like.
Well it depends on what browser you are using.  If you are using internet explorer the simplest way it to hit the history button, but they most likely deleted those files.  You could download a program that takes screen snapshots and saves them to a folder or you could use a bandwidth monitoring program like PRTG Traffic Grapher, but that is a little more complicated and not ideal for what you want, but it will give you a general idea.  Do a internet search for tracking web activity or something like that.
Since you already had an e-mail account, go to http://www.friendster.com/ and click sign up wherever you find it.\n\nThen type the required information and submit it. Verify your e-mail to start editing profiles and meeting new friends.
Man, I love that show.  It's supposed to come back on this month.  My hubby and I have been waiting for it since November.  I've seen a few previews of his brother in the electric chair but I've heard that he gets saved at the last minute.
You need to search all of that and its not easy question for an ordinary person. It's either theory or a real practical concept. But i have another qustion for you because i think you are a head of me in e-commerce. What is Switching Cost and Transaction Cost? Are they different from each other or show me their similarities. e-mail me if you have the answer please: jasonafg@yahoo.com
Basal cell carcinoma is the most common form of skin cancer, affecting 800,000 Americans each year. In fact, it is the most common of all cancers. One out of every three new cancers is a skin cancer, and the vast majority are basal cell carcinomas.  You can learn more about it at the link below....
You keep asking this same question. If there is someone in your life that you are THIS paranoid about... then go with your gut and stay away from him.
Pleides is a star consellation
Imagine this:\n\nYou wake up feeling like crap. Your head is spinning and heavy, your body feels bloated, like last night's dinner expanded to the size of texas.\nYour head aches. Your awareness of surroundings become like - footsteps outside your room is like an elephant tromping outside.\nImagine someone who asks so many questions you get annoyed by this person - and you didn't even like him in the first place.\nNow imagine that same feeling towards everyone who talks to you. Imagine now in that mood, someone comes and makes some stupid remark about you in jest.\nYou snap back, right?\n\nImagine you're having a stomachache from having too much food. Your tummy, in parts, is killing you, right? Now imagine that happening to you every month. \nImagine you are sitting over a table, hunched for 8 hours of work. Wow, your back aches.\nNow, imagine that ache on a menstrual woman's back.\n\nImagine you did something horrible. Suppose you had a child, and in some horrible twist of fate, you had to give that child away.\nNow you are so wrecked with guilt, you feel tears well up in yourself because you swell with emotion thinking of the child you lost.\nJust put it into context here, put THAT feeling (not the child story and stuff, just the feeling), and feel how a woman is so emotional at this point.\n\nPeriods suck.\nBut what can we do? It's part of being a woman. We have to take it - like a woman!\n\nJenova\n(d.yuffie@gmail.com)
I always go to these sites whenever I get bored.\nIf you're into funny and extraordinary videos, then I'd suggest go see 'em.\nEnjoy!!!
emo is usually referred to as someone who always seems depressed and down. most people arent down all the time. that is what defines emo
illinois, indiana, iowa
LOL! Both. KBC (Indian version of 'Who wants to be a multi-millionaire') is a cleverly designed game show. That's all that can be attributed to it. 'Mastermind India' and 'Nat-Geo Genius' are really good knowledge oriented quiz programmes.
Both of them has almost the same meaning.\nBoth of them to any men who have same sexual orientation.\n\nBut the use between gay and homo is different.\n\nGay is used in informal language.\nHomo is used in formal language.\n\nThat's it. Simple. ^_-
go to walmart .. ask for an application
I am 32 years old...\n\n    or  386 months old\n    or  1,679 weeks old\n    or  11,759 days old\n    or  282,215 hours old\n    or  16,932,843 minutes old\n    or  1,015,970,525 seconds old\n\nand my next birthday celebration is in:\n294 days 1 hr 57 mins 56 secs.
i dont know know. but that a really good question
possibly....\ngive it a try and tell me.
In order to get an accurate price go to this website.  It depends on whether you are getting it from a private party or a dealer.  The milage, the number of doors, the exact model and the options it has in it.  \n\nhttp://www.kbb.com
Even in the most odd situation , always do the right thing. The trend will catch on :)
I have done both, saved match points and won, and also have had match points and lost.
You must massage your breast upward. It's better i want to suck your nipples while i massage the other one
The answer is ZERO. if you "go free", no matter what the reason, you are not a criminal. You are an innocent man or women.
You are MORE at risk from STDs such as AIDS when you have a**l sex. The tissue around the an*s is also very delicate and can easily be torn which can lead to infections. It seems stupid to do it JUST because there's less chance of a girl getting pregnant
For some people gaining weight can be very difficult...for me it seems to be enough to just look at food...:-)\nI think you should go see a doctor to find out why you are so skinny. Maybe you suffer from thyroid hyperfunction, which is something that can be treated.\nJust eating lots of fattening food will probably not help for someone like you.
Try B-Vitamins.
I suppose you were talking about visa!!\nIt depends, an Indian Visa would cost you Rs5,000 if you dont go for any consulting company.\nVisa processing consulting company would charge you 5k to 10k depending on your case. \nCheck with the respective ambassey
You should simply not associate with people who make fun of you and try to dominate you.  There's no magic retort which will suddenly turn them into caring considerate people.\n\nIf you find that most people make fun of you and try to dominate you, you might want to look into yourself for the answer.  It could be that you might be misinterpreting their actions.
My husband is pretty cool... flowers have completely lost their power over me. My hubby will wash laundry or dishes with out me having to ask, he will get up with the kids and let me sleep in on weekends, he even cooks breakfast and keeps mine warm until I get up. He'll call me on his lunch break just to chat...He does too many sweet things to list here, but I will never take him for granted, he is the greatest husband and father you could ask for.
It's considered pretentious for anyone but a practicing member of the Bar to use "Esquire" but it's perfecly legal for anyone to do so, with or without a bar card or law degree.\nThe exception is that a non-lawyer(such as a paralegal or investigator) working in a law firm must not do so.
Sure it is OK to like older women and go out with them as long as you're both 18. More and more you see older women with younger men. It seems like it was always OK for older men and younger women now it is the woman's turn to get that young stuff. Heck, I am 50 years old and I think a 30 or 35 year old man would be great. Go for it!
Not really. If you have a good bod, good looks and look like you know what you're doing, then yes. Playing the game has nothing to do with it. It's who's playing it that matters, if you're really shallow.
Damn!!!! I hate mathematics, i'm honest, u know. i've no idea of how stumble_bee and DJ did it, i found no way to answer it. hehehe.
let me try it:\n\na) Area of triangle:\n\n\na/1) plot a graph. draw a perpendicular from C to AB. area = 1/2 * AB * perpendicular distance.\n\na.2) area = 1/2 [x1 (y1-y2) + x2 (y2-y3) + x3 (y3-y1)]\n\nwhere x1, x2, x3 are x - cordinates and y1, y2, y3 are y-cordinates. \n\na.3) distance between any two points = sqrt |(x^2 - y^2)|\nusing this find AB, BC and CA.\narea= SQRT (s* (s-AB) * (s-BC) * (s-CA))\nwhere s = (AB+BC+CA) * 0.5\n\n(b) AB is the diameter of circle F.\narea = pi * (AB^2) * 0.25 \n\n(c) this needs to be plotted probably to know their intersection. this can also be done using integral calculus. i am not sure what is your level of proficeincy in calculus.
Jayzzz ain't far off. Sound travels by pushing air particles. Best way to imagine it is by imagining a bunch of jerks standing in a line (kind of like this one jerk that answered one of my questions a while back). The first jerk pushes the next guy in line and he runs into and shoves the jerk in front of him and then pushes back on the jerk who pushed him. This continues through the line, so that jerks get compressed together and then push back and become separated. The distance from compacted jerks to separated jerks is one jerk wavelength.\n\nNow imagine a long line of people and there is only one jerk every millionth person. If that jerk shoves someone, they won't shove the person in front of them and they won't shove back on the jerk. This is how it is in space. The Earth is full of jerks, however.\n\nJerks actually refers to atomic matter and the "shoving" are particle "collisions" (actually they don't collide, the apparent collision is just Pauli Repulsion). In space there are lots, on Earth there are none. On earth, the compacted jerks corresponds to overpressure of air, and separated jerks corresponds to underpressure in air (or any other dense molecular medium like water). In space, there is only a single molecule per millions of area of vacuum, the pressure is actually negative, and sound can't transmit.\n\nIt is proposed that light also requires an ether-like medium to travel through space, due to problems with Hawking radiation that can only be solved if the quantum vacuum acts like a fluid. I'm going to cut it short at that however.
young dro - "shoulder lean"
stay aware of your surroundings
That is really up the individual. Some people consider 4 weeks a long relationship and other consider 20+ years.  It really depends on who you are talking to.
It's possible. If the air is moving steadily and uniformly you have an easier time with it. This is typically the situation over ocean and away from the eye (ref.). If it's "choppy", with small-scale gusts and wind shear, it gets risky. You can encounter this as you penetrate the eye, where winds reach a maximum and then become very slow. A doppler radar might help you recognize such a situation before you fly into it.
u should try and work at a fast food restaurant...or baby siting that always works
Our childhood experiences shape us.  I've recently started therapy and I am amazed at the connections.  I would definitely suggest seeing a counselor and working things out.  It feels so much better.
Do you think it's because nobody asked you out?  Because if that's why, you should know that you can go out with your friends or even by yourself, if you really want to be out someplace.  You don't have to sit home and wait for someone to invite you.  \n\nMaybe you really want to be home - in any case you are, so why not enjoy your space instead of wasting your free time wondering 'why'?\n\nI love being home by myself but rarely get the chance since I work full time and have to catch up my housework, laundry and grocery shopping during the evenings so I can have  few free minutes on the weekend.  Time is precious.
i donno ut dat inquisitve guy is a big a s s****.\n\n\ni bet cheney shot u 2 ?
i dont believe microsoft is changing its windows system as the way ur thinking. Be sure that ur games will work fine on windows vista, remember that every new version of windows was always able to upgrade ur old, sou every file and probram u have will be in the same place with the same proprieties.
hold your breath for 10 seconds and then exhale slowly.\nhave to try it a couple of times. It works for me!
Secret agent woman!\nHere's a bio on her.\nhttp://www.fredflare.com/diary/jennifer.php
Because then it wouldn't be fun!!
Geocities is going bankrupt.  I've had similar problems, so I think that Yahoo just doesn't care about maintaining geocities.  Look for some other website hosters...I'm pretty sure you can just transfer your files for your website without too much problem.
This is connected primarily to faith in Allaah. All religions are agreed that it is not permissible for a woman to have intercourse with anyone except her husband. Among these religions are those which are undoubtedly of heavenly origin, such as Islam and the original versions of Judaism and Christianity. Belief in Allaah dictates submission to His rulings and laws, for Allaah is All-Wise and All-Knowing, He knows what is in the best interests of mankind. So we may understand the wisdom behind the ruling of sharee’ah, or we may not be able to grasp it.  \n\nWith regard to the permissibility of multiple spouses for men and its prohibition for women, there are several issues which are obvious to every intelligent person. Allaah has made woman like a vessel, but man is not like that. If a woman becomes pregnant (when she has had intercourse with a number of men at one time), the father can never be known. People’s lines of descent and lineage will be mixed up, families will be destroyed and children will be lost. Women will be burdened with so many children that they will be unable to bring them up and spend on their maintenance. Maybe women would find themselves forced to sterilize themselves, which would lead to the extinction of the human race. Moreover it is medically proven now that one of the major causes of the serious diseases which have become widespread, such as AIDS etc., is women having intercourse with more than one man, and the mixing of seminal fluids in the woman’s womb causes these lethal diseases. Hence Allaah has prescribed a waiting period (‘iddah) for a woman who has been divorced or whose husband has died, until enough time has passed for her womb and passages to be cleansed of any traces of her former husband, and the monthly period also has a role to play in this matter. Perhaps these brief pointers will dispense with the need for a lengthy discussion. If the purpose of the question is research for a university or other assignment, he may refer to the books which have been written on the topic of plural marriage (polygyny) and the wisdom behind it. And Allaah is the Source of strength.
Maybe you restall it and try a simple test to see if the player gets error message 18.
Unless someone can prove that the person is in fact not telling the truth they can only make a decision based on the evidence provided.
Do you have your IDE drive set to slave? Take out the CD/RW and work with tust the 2 hard drives. Also make sure the Bios is up to date. My other question is does disk management in windows see a 2nd hard drive attached when the computer boots?
You can search limewire.com
ive never heard of this type of paper, but one thing that helped my son, who by the way has an autistic disorder, i would buy him the tablets from dollar general or familydollar and take one page at a time and take black marker and run it across the top and bottom line, it seemed to help him see the lines much better.  also i have to make him use a pencil grip still.  it really helps him write better.
I don't know if you qualify, but being a veteran the V.A.M.C. in North Chicago has a decent program.Since most private hospitals have cut back on their mental health facility's, the V.A.still treat's patients. The UNIVERSITY of MICHIGAN, because it has an affiliation with the V.A in Ann Arbor, treats the disorder.
Because usually you know where the thing is you just have fun looking every where else...lol..kidding..no really this is usually what happens to me..can't figure out why ...just one of those things we have yet to understand i guess..
when i'm tired or there is nothing half decent on tv. after midnight most nights
Led Zeppelin "Going to California".
A/V capture device,such as AverMedia DVD EZ Maker PCI, or USB A/V capture device is requied along with software,such as NERO6 or NERO7.Connect VCR to computer through A/V capture device.If DVD burner supports dual layer,you can capture 2 hours 20 minutes to dual layer disk without losing image quality.Single layer disk can capture 1 hour 20 minutes.If longer,quality will be reduced.Some brands of dual layer disk will stop in the middle of movie when playing back.Only one brand that I know never stop is Verbatim
You could try \nhttp://scoti.ohio.gov/\nand \nhttp://www.ajb.org/
The one in the middle. First, he doesn't have to drive. Second, he doesn't have to mess with the gate.
Hopefully, you are both over 18.  If she loves you like you say, then as an adult she is going to have to make a choice.  He can't force her to go somewhere without her consent.  While I realize that her culture is different, she is going to have to stand up to her father.  Unfortunately, if she doesn't stand up to him and goes with him, then there is not a lot you can do except forget her.  Do not do anything drastic or stupid.  You could end up in trouble.  The next step is up to her.  Good luck!
If you have joint legal custody, your ex can challenge your move to Canada.  However, it sounds like your ex doesn't really want anything to do with your son, and vice versa. \n\nI would advise you to seek out an attorney and get a good, solid legal opinion on this before doing anything.
I do! I love the show!!! I think it's great!!! Better then American Idol!! Or even MTV'S Real World!!!
www.1-800-save-a-pet.com\n\nwww.petfinder.com
sounds like you need to add coolant.or flush the system the heater core could be getting blocked
"Last Caress" from "Garage Days-Re-Visited, the $5.98 E.P."
never heard of him. who is he?
i WOULD STOP DOING THAT JUST SINGLE CLICK OF DC
Watch Jerry McGuire.
I don't exactly know, but you have to take into account all the facts.\n\nFirst, some players have been told they should use performance-enhancing drugs by those they respect within the organization.\n\nSecondly, when players were extremely good because of performance-enhancing drugs, some players were forced to take them as well so they could keep up with that level of play.\n\nNext, for a period of time, these drugs were not strictly prohibited, so many players were using them.\n\nLastly, there are many people who have denied that they have used these kinds of drugs, like Rafael Palmeiro, but were really lying, and no one found out for a while.\n\nIn conclusion, I can't give you a precise number, but I would say a good portion of pro baseball players have used performance enhancing drugs - maybe 35%?
Plan a trip to the San Diego Comic Convention. Bring plenty of your work and show it to every comic publisher there. And all the major publishing houses come in full force to Comic Con. It's probably your best chance to start with the smaller houses Like Harris, Dark Horse and Image before trying Marvel and DC. Good Luck.
yes she did
n = sin i / sin r.\n\nwhen i = 90 degree r is called critical angle. \n\nsin 90 = 1\n\nTherefore, n = 1/ sin r\n\nsin r = 1/n =1/1.5= 0.6666.\n\n r = sin inverse of 0.6666 = 41 degree 48 minute 37 second.
just tell your friend to try some new yoga and put his arms up and roll his head from side to side he should get it eventually
God intentionally didn't put colors of the air because if there's a color in it, we can't clearly see the real colors of nature. how can we discover the true beauty in the wonderful world if there's a color blocking our sight?
RomNation, http://www.romnation.net, in the Genesis section http://www.romnation.net/srv/roms/genesis/s.html
How often does he drink?  Is he sorry he hit you?  Was it the alcohol's doing?  Or was it because of something else?  And would he be willing to give up the alcohol?  All of these things should be considered.
Good luck with that.
Sandy Springs and Roswell - and they are affordable!\nHighlands, Buckhead, Mid-town - if you can afford it!\nYou will never be bored living in any of these areas!\nI'm still trying to recover from single living in Sandy Springs for 5 years!
My man is so fine I can't get enough of him, He is the sexiest man I have evr seen in my entire life. I love him with all my heart
These links should be helpful: \n\nhttp://www.beckett.com/news/index2.asp?a=5954&s=1\n\nhttp://www.medallioncollection.com
If I understand your question correctly - how does one prepare to participate in a counseling interview: You spend the time reviewing the case, where you were in the past sessions and what the next few steps are going to be.\n\nAs a (more or less) unbiased observer you generally have an idea of what the underlying problem may be and have to work on getting the interviewee to that realization, overcoming blocks along the way.  If you don't understand the root cause of the problem yet you spend the time discovering more information and filling in the blanks until you do.\n\nSessions are kept short to keep things adaptable.\n\nI hope this helps.
The only thing I find more incomprehensible than this question is that some of you have answered it as if it makes total sense.\n\nWhat am I missing?
Because Greenland was purchased by Denmark (very cheaply, by the way), the most spoken language is Dutch/Danish, although there are very few people living there.
Freelance writer.
pitt
It's called a let. When a let occurs, the serve is redone. If the server is on their first serve and they get a let, they redo their first serve. That is why some players say "take two" when the server hits a let. The same with the second serve. But if the ball hits the net and goes out, it counts as a fault.
Try www.BigFoot.com\nThere are several free search sites, simply type "free people search websites" into your browser's search box.\n\nGood Luck!
my guess is that there are a lot of blind people in the world. Perhaps you should start by seeking one out and asking.
Accept that you have it and move on. It took me a long time to come to the understanding that I always will, and I learn to live my life around it. I have a successful job, a couple of college degrees, a beautiful fiance, and tons of friends who all know that I stutter. It isn't something that you can really change, the way our brains process words into speech is just different.\n\nSo accept it and move on with the rest of your life.
a titration is one of the most commonly performed lab test in the world. we use the quantity of one solution(say an acid) to determine the concentration of another solution(say a base). \nstandard solution refers to the first solution we use to determine the answer for the unknown sample. we have to know its concentration.
only if the mom and dad dont want the child could an aunt petition for custody.  The child would seemingly need to be in the "system".  or the parents can give the child to you.  Generally you would have to prove the parents so unfit they couldnt not raise a child.  good luck.  not many judges would hear that one.
A Love of learning should envelop everything including the 3 most important things...\n\nA sense of the order in all things-- organizing, sequencing, sorting, finding patterns\n\nDevelopment and refinement of the senses-- tactile experiences, sand and water play, fingerpaint, hot and cold, hard and soft etc\n\nPreservation and enhancement of natural curiosity and intelligence--though a constant feeding of "brain food" exposure to great stories and ideas, exotic places and people, folk tales, fables, fairy tales, classic stories, poems, songs,stories from History, stories about how the natural world works in the form of books, tapes, oral stories, puppet shows, songs, fingerplays etc.
this is because of genes.  blue colors are recessive traits and brown are dominant traits.  \n\nor sometimes they wear different color of contact lenses.
Titan\nEnceladus
There's no one brand that's the best - but you do want one with a UVA-blocking ingredient as well as a UVB-blocker.  UVB ones are easy to come by - they're in every sunscreen - it's the UVA ones that are more difficult to find.\n\nLook at the ingredients list - there are only THREE tried-and-true UVA blockers (no matter what the label says).\n\nAvobenzone (aka Parsol 1789)\nTitanium dioxide\nZinc oxide\n\nAvobenzone is a chemical block - it absorbs the sun's rays and basically neutralizes the effect chemically.  The bad part about Avobenzone is that it does degenerate over a period of a few hours, so you need to reapply fairly frequently.\n\nTitanium dioxide and zinc oxide are physical blocks - they reflect the sun's rays, so they don't ever hit your skin.  Unfortunately, if you have darker skin and are using a product in which the particles of titanium/zinc have not been micronized properly, these products can leave a whitish cast on your skin.\n\nThe best thing to do to find a good-quality ZO or TD sunscreen is to check labels and expect to pay about $10-$12 for a tube.  It may seem expensive but isn't your skin worth it?\n\n[If you live in Canada or Europe there is a newer sunscreen ingredient available called Meroxyl - it's VERY effective at blocking UVA and UVB rays when blended with Avobenzone in a product - L'Oreal's Ombrelle line has this combination and it's great.  It's what I use, but it's not available in the U.S. - yet.]
i have sex 1 week and yes i feel like it isnt enough being a woman and all but i love my fiance enough not to cheat on him and if i am to the point i cant take it anymore and he doesnt want to make love to me i just take my toy out and use it it wont give y diseases wont tell u no or not to tonite
Check with the expert site below.
December 17, 1799.  He died of pneumonia and a strep infection.  It is further thought that he was weakened and perhaps put in shock from blood letting which was in vogue at the time.\n\nObviously he did not die in 1732 as he lead the US in battle against England starting 1776 through 1783 and served two terms of presidency until 1797.
420
I think the point they were trying to make at the end of the movie was what Evey, and essentially V, did at the end blowing up Parliament was for everyone dead and alive. If you noticed at the end, the cop asked her who he was and she was said that he was her mother, her father, brother, her, and the cop. That's why they showed Gordon, her mother, and her brother at the end. He sort of represented the people, only before he came along people were scared to speak up against their government, but after he went on TV and challenged everyone to think, that's when they started to agree with him. This was my interpretation. Hope this helps.
I can't answer. Not into that dookey love myself. I just have to say this though. Doesn't Luda kinda look like that rat in the Chuck-E-Cheese commercials? Seriously, take that rat, and turn him into a black man. And you've got Luda.
Mohan Dass Karam Chand Gandhi.
because sex is wonderful and a great part of life...so maybe abstinence should not be the answer, but easier access and education about birth control
The Gulf Stream is right.  I've sailed across it several times.  It's like a river in the ocean.  There's a line where the water color suddenly changes to a deep electric blue and the water temperature goes up to 80 some degrees.  Benjamin Franklin was the first to make a useable chart of it.
Tatyana Averina of USSR with 2 gold and 2 bronze
The link has good info on minimizing first time pain.
take biotin  and a really good multiple vitamin.  i had the same problem.\n\nhttp://www.bronsonvitamins.com/app/search/detail.htm?&item_id=289
Yes it does.
never unless terrorism get rid of them selfs.
I have used the XAMPP distribution with very neat results:\nit installs Apache server, Mysql server and Mysql cliente in your computer. You also get an email server and something else.\nYou can get it for free, with no restrictions from www.sourceforge.net
As a Leo, your ruling planet is the Sun. In fact the Sun is not a planet, but truly the centre of our Solar system. As above, so below! You too are a centre of dynamic energy and exhibit the qualities of the Sun in full measure. You are warm, bright and self-aware. Therefore, you want to make an impression in everything you do—in work, in love and in your social life as well.\n\nYou are known for being a show-off, but this is a misconception. Your dramatic flair is part and parcel of your in-built zest for life, love of people and optimistic attitude. Life to you is like a stage on which to perform and express your talents in full measure. In your upbeat state of mind, others are carried away by your positive mental attitude and this is what endears them to you. You enjoy sharing your joys and successes with those you love and when you do, you do so magnanimously without thought of return. \n\nYour loyalty is also another of your trademarks and you give as good, if not better, than you take. In friendship you give your all and expect the same in return. People know you as a genuine friend who is always ready to give a hand. It seems that even if you can’t help someone with their specific problem, you somehow still manage to exude a warm and reassuring vibration that makes them feel better for being with you. \n\nThe downside of Leo is a misplaced pride, a need to “one-up” others and this, in the less evolved Leo, is a warning that whatever pinnacle is reached in life may result in a fall. Humility ought to be cultivated at every step of your path. You will be recognised for your vibrant energy and self-motivated action. You don’t need to big-note yourself to others. People will instantly recognise your abilities and even look up to you. If this adulation begins to go to your head, you must listen to the cautionary advice of a good friend when s/he says, “Step down a notch or two, Leo!” \n\nYou are a born leader and others naturally look up to you for guidance and security. At times you are hard on others and demand the excellence from them that you exhibit in your own actions. People gravitate towards you and you will no doubt be capable of reaching the zenith of whatever path you choose in your life. \n\nTo gain a deeper understanding of Leo, study your totem, the Lion. The way in which Leo the Lion rules the jungle, yet at the same time nurtures the young cubs is a perfect description of your Leo strength and domination, blended with tenderness and devotion.
haha, darn I missed that episode. I disagree though. I don't care what the guy looks like. If he harrasses me he is slime and getting reported.
Go to the Federal Bankruptcy Court you will be filing with, pick-up the packet they provide with all the paperwork. The clerks cannot give legal advice (should you include this or that), but they can answer questions about the process itself (the steps you take, where it will go, time periods between filing, meeting the trustee, period creditors can oppose, when it finally it is discharged). This all is if it's cut and dry Chapter 7 and once you read through the packet you should be able to figure if it's too complicated and should get a lawyer.\nYou do the majority of the work whether it's Chapter 7 or 11, by yourself or a lawyer, so don't pay 3 months salary for something that could be as easy as filing a 1040EZ tax form.\nEducate yourself before your make someone else responsible for your future.\nI know people will yell at me, so what.\nBTW: the vast majority of bankruptcies are businesses and not individuals, so don't let someone guilt you out.
I do martial arts as well and the easiest way to go would be to take a hot bath and directly after stretch your muscles as far as you can.\nTheory here is that all your muscles will be heated up (not just the ones you try and warmp up through various stretching excersises).\nIt does take a couple of weeks to go completely flat.\nTry going down as far as you can and keep that position for as long as you can before getting up. the muscles have to become used to a stretched position.
It sucked. I lost my house. I'm not kidding. Check the screen name.
because they think its fun
it makes the plants dance
Use a bloomberg terminal to find the answers!
Its depands:\nbest dribblers:r1_Ronaldinho 2_maradona 3_ronaldo 4_pele\nbest GOALER  :1_ PELE!!
That works, but you need to add the latent heat of fusion required to make the ice into water.  You can do the e=smt where e is the energy required (in J), s is the specific heat of ice(2100 J/kg per degree C), m is the mass of ice (kg), and t is the change in temp (C).\n\ne=(2100)(.1)(20)\ne=4200 J\n\nThen to make it into water, you need to do e=ml, there e is the energy required (J), m is the mass (kg), and l is the laternt heat of fusion (about 3.3 x 10^5 J/kg for water).\n\ne=(.1)(3.3 x 10^5)\ne=33000 J\n\nThen add the two e's together to ge a total\n\ne=37200 J
Mr Bean
Boy toy.
God does not sleep according to the Bible.\n\n(Psalm 121:4)  Look! He will not be drowsy nor go to sleep, He that is guarding Israel.\n\nHe doesn't need sleep because he is a spirit not human.\n\n(John 4:24)  God is a Spirit, and those worshiping him must worship with spirit and truth. . .
I agree.  The book has been changed, there is proof of that.  So why would you follow something and believe whole-heartily hat it is the word of god when it's been changed?  I don't get this!  Not only that there is no empirical evidence that proves that book is what it says it is!  How you can take this literally I will never understand!
On the back where the power and IDE cable goes, there is a jumper setting. Move the plastic from the two pins it is on to the master pins, the details should be etched on the case.
Not pure water, but the water we all drink and bathe in has many ions dissolved in it making it an electrolyte and it does conduct electricity.  Don't believe me? Blow dry your hair in the shower.
the glob troder
The blue whale has a maximum eyeball diameter around 15 cm
If you want to use your Phone Line with Internet throughout your house, you need to get 2Wire hardware. They have a router that can send a  DSL signal throughout your house line. Here's their website: http://www.2wire.com/\n\nI've set it up a couple of times for different clients. Works very well for people who don't want a lot of wires throughout their walls.
Real pearls are very very expensive because of how long they take to make.100's of years. But you can get pearls that are grown for alot cheaper.
when your in a country with a keep right rule then you must first have to check if the road on your left is free of traffic then halfway trough check if your right part is clear of traffic then proceed...
Well, from what you're able to say here, it really sounds like you need to cool off and focus on getting your degree.  After you've got that, then you can think about meeting him.  Maybe by that time he'll want to come here to visit you.  But don't be looking to move and work over in another country without having met the guy in real life yet.  Slow down and think rationally.  It's sweet that you're so willing to do anything, but come on, think about it first.
yup me too!
something you can take to place of an actual medication...\n\nexample: the 4th week you take on your birth control pills is a placebo so that you stay in the routine of taking the pills but it is actually jsut a sugar pill...\n\n\nand often in research studies someindividuals are given a real medication and others are given a placebo, this way the researchers can determine if the medication makes a difference on the persons health, but the individual doesn't know if they are actually on  the medication or taking the placebo..
ok, make sure u r allowing windows to config your wireless configuration. Click start, Click Control Panel, Click Administrative Tools, Click Services, then scroll to the bottom and look for windows zero configuration set that to start automactically it will disable the manufactures software and hopefully this will help.
Keeping the demarcates from going out of state
I believe she is originally from Cape Town, South Africa. And she may hold dual citizenship with Switzerland.
no, but you can get external ones !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! but they cost allot. or you could get a better sound card
I wouldn't be suprised if they made it this year.\n\nNow that they have a complet offense they can do something. Most of the people who answered this don't realize how good Arizona's passing game was. Lets see #1 in the NFC!!! with \n277.3    yards per game. They were almost last in rushing. WIth james they will be better. Plus the NFC is usually pretty shaky and easier to make the playoffs.*
try going on notpron.com. It is this very challenging puzzle in whcih you have to figure out the codes and tricks to get to the next level
As far as land and property goes, in the "old days" you simply staked out a claim.  In present time, you actually have to purchase the land you live on and hold a title to that land.  Without a title of ownership, anyone can take it from you.  It's like finders keepers.  If I take something from you and you cannot prove that it was yours with documentation or present some sort of proof in court that you possessed it or I stole it, it's mine and there is nothing you can do about it. Drop $100 bill on the street and see if you can get it back from the person who picks it up.\n\nAs far as rights and the constitution.  You do not have to claim the rights of the country you were born in.  If you are born in the United States you recieve a birth certificate and the government documents your existance with a Social Security number.  If you have these thing, you automatically recieve the rights granted to you under the constition.
prolapsed rectum, hemorrhoids, rectal perforation, infection
The tax consultant should be responsible for the mistake.  Go back to them and have them rectify the situation.  It might mean repaying the over-payment, true, but the IRS is good about payment plans.
these people will know
We all agree with you.  Some of us here find it amusing.  Others find it... interesting.  But to have multiple personalities disorder, you must be unaware of the fact that you may have it.  It is an unconscious thing you see? If you can ask yourself, you don´t have it.  Unless some deep voice answers back inside your head.
Only pursue becoming a lawyer if you are doing it for the right reasons.  I think the "right" reasons differ for everyone, but I can tell you what I think the "wrong" reasons are:  money, prestige, and/or any reason not having to do with personal satisfaction and happiness.  \n\nI don't regret my legal education, but what I do is not glamorous, and it can be very difficult and stressful.  Just read an article about the incidence of substance abuse, mental illness, etc. in the lawyer population as opposed to the general population.  There are a lot of unhealthy, unhappy lawyers.\n\nIf you go for it, then make sure you have hobbies that you keep up with after practice.  Don't let practice swallow you whole.  Also, despite the prevailing view that firm practice is the ONLY practice, make sure you consider what are currently considered "alternative" forms of practice that may suit you.\n\nI'm finally in what many would consider an alternative form of practice, and I still have difficulties and stress, but I'm much, much happier and actually enjoy practice now.  Do what makes you feel like a real person (cause firm life can make you feel like a soulless drone).\n\nGood luck.
I cannot answer your question for *sure*, but I would think it varies on which type of hysterctomy one will be having, and how well she recovers from it afterwards.\n\nSite is Hyster Sisters, women who had or are contemplating hysterctomies can go there and do a little research.  Hope it helps!
Well, if you do that, it have to contain gelified culture media... ( that's logical ) \n\nIf the culture tube has to remain open, you need to hold it in an horisontal position to prevent the bacteria contained in the air to fall in the tube...
http://www.alma-latina.net/CuandoSeasMia/CuandoSeasMia.shtml
A quick google brings up...\n\nOPNI ::.  Organización Pro Niñez Indefensa
The more info you have the better.  If you use a mortgage broker they are going to search their base of investors, whether they are using big money like Washington mutual or some other lending sources or private money.  You don't want to have every mortgage broker run your credit because the more hits you get asking for your rating the more your rating can be affected. The best thing to do is check your rating yourself and then present your info to the broker and ask him to give you a good faith estimate.  There are many things to watch for when doing these transactions so do your homework and take no shortcuts.  The lender, whether it be the bank or investors, is going to look at 1.  Your income, through check stubs with year to date info\n2.  Your credit rating, 680 or higher is pretty good\n3.  Your current profession and how long you've been in it, or on the current job.\nAnd maybe some other things also.  I just got done with a loan package so somethings are still fresh in my memory.  Make sure you get the info from a broker or a banker and then study the papers ask questions and don't go to every mortgage broker in town having them run your credit. There is a website for someone I know you might email him and get some answers,Good Luck!!!!!
We're sorry. We did not find a listing for the phone number you entered. \nThe phone number "(203) 887-4564" is based in New Haven, CT and the registered carrier is Sprint Spectrum L.p. However, due to number portability, some numbers have been transferred to a new service provider other than the registered carrier.\n\nThis is from MSN White Pages.
I think any job search website would have samples (i.e., monster.com), but I also found this site which might help you: http://jobsearch.about.com/od/thankyouletters/
Just about everything in chemistry has to do with the outer valence shell.  This is no exception.\n\nThe metals in this row (period 6) basically bond with each other using their s and d orbitals.  As with everything else, this works best when you have 1 electron in each (e.g. H2) and worst when they're already full (e.g. He2).  Mercury has them all (it's in column 12 = 2s + 10d), and therefore VERY poor bonding.  In constrast, tungsten (W) has half of them, and exceptional bonding (MP-3422 C), which is why it's used as the filament in light bulbs.\n\nSo why are Cd and Zn solids if they're the same column as Hg?  It has to do mostly with the size (larger = further = weaker bonding), but is best described using band theory.  I'd recommend looking there.  \n\nP.S. Things wierd when there are this many electrons in one atom, like yellow gold.
nice hair/eyes/smile/figure the same as a girl would look for in a guy i imagine
Domain name: 3a-paintball.com\n\nRegistrant Contact:\n   3a Paintball\n   NA na (webmaster@e-go-up.com)\n   +1.7149930078\n   Fax: +1.7145791979\n   193 West Orangethorpe ave, Suite 100\n   PLACENTIA, CA 92870\n   US\n\nAdministrative Contact:\n   3a Paintball\n   NA na (webmaster@e-go-up.com)\n   +1.7149930078\n   Fax: +1.7145791979\n   193 West Orangethorpe ave, Suite 100\n   PLACENTIA, CA 92870\n   US\n\nTechnical Contact:\n   3a Paintball\n   NA na (webmaster@e-go-up.com)\n   +1.7149930078\n   Fax: +1.7145791979\n   193 West Orangethorpe ave, Suite 100\n   PLACENTIA, CA 92870\n   US
I think he is some kind of publishing editor.
You must be thinking of the Catholic Church which has that rule.
Its not a rule... Look at the alternate jerseys this year... Detroit's is a dark red and they have worn that at home many times... But when they do, the other team wears thier lighter colored jerseys... So i think if they do wear the dark ones, the other team must wear a light jersey
the photo electric occurs when a light icidence on material , the electrons are attached to material nuclei by binding energy , the electrons will liberated out material if the intensity ( energy / unit area) of incident light is more than binding energy this is done by particular frequency called threshold frequency
It depends on the test used, but many chemicals will show up as methamphetamine. Ephedra (weight loss drug that is now illegal but it's in some plants and i'm sure people can still get it), pseudoephedrine(in sudafed and many cough medicines), any kind of amphetamine (such as in a prescription weight loss or ADHD drug like desoxyn, dexadrine, adderall). I've heard of kidney disease and diabetes causing false positives. Also you don't have to be using crystal meth do be using methamphetamine, there are also powdered forms, and pills, and a lot of low grade mexican cocaine contains small amounts of methamphetamine that boost the cocaine high without the user knowing it's there. You can tell by tasting the coke, if it takes a second or two before it gets the bitter coke taste and during that time there's a bland taste you just can't figure out, it's mostly likely cut with it.
A+ for Genuwine.\nNobody's a saint.  Some cheat, some don't.  Some are men, some are women.\nGet over it.
Because guys mature slower than gals...they are just being childish! Don't worry, he'll outgrow it! Then he'll regret it when you turn into this teenage hottie!!
for married filing jointly $2000.00 .. subject to other factors however...\n\nhttp://www.irs.gov/publications/p972/ar02.html#d0e253
One of the biggest misconceptions is that doing sit ups will make you lose fat around your waste. Not gonna happen.\n\nA diet is the only thing to help that. Now doing those sit ups is going to help burn fat. But so will the stepper or tread mill. Cardo training along with a good diet is your best bet to burn off the fat.\n\nI would recommend cutting calories, fat and carbs from your diet as much as possible. I had a chart cant find it, but if you look around on the net. You can find the right amount of calories to body weight to help you get a target of what you should be doing.
dancing is a passion, and beats are the food for it. so just listen to the beat n rock n roll!!!
LOL...you sure can pick'em.
Absolutely yes.  Men who are les sure of themselves are less attractive to most women.
Fire needs oxygen to burn, i would figure that adding just the right amount in this case 10% more of water made it burn better.
NEW YORK CITY!!!!!Then I'd say Boston.
Is it supposed to say it is thrown from an initial height of 5 feet?  The path of the ball will be in the form of a parabola y=ax^2 + bx + c where\n\na = 1/2 the force of gravity (gravity is -32 feet/second^2, so -16 feet/second^2)\nx = time, so in this case 2\nb = the velocity\nc = the initial starting height\n\nSo just plug in your numbers and solve\n\n= -16*(2^2) + 35*2 + 5\n= -64 + 70 + 5\n= 11 feet\n\nOh, and the function would be h(t) = -16t^2 + 35t + 5
It almost seemed like all links lead to eBay. However, I did find one that wasn't. I put the link under sources.
Don't do it!!! The only Pepe I trust is Pepe LePew!!
I don't know of any website, but I remember this Japanese man that built a house using the paper tube from the middle of the toilet paper.
ok\nyou go to yahoo mail\nand click mail options (its in the right hand top corner)\nthen you choose\n"mail addresses"\nand then you click\n"add"\nthen you can do the rest i think\nhope ive been helpful
Not to at all...it's bad news...believe me,,stay away from it...
you were lucky you didnt die maybe next time you will.Stay off it.
radius: A line from the center of the circle to any point on the circle\narc: a segment of a circle
Your question is a bit vague. The study of limits is formalized by the epsilon-delta definition that one learns in introductory calculus, but limits aren't really found that way. Instead, one presupposes a limit using other methods and then proves that limit (or disproves it as may be the case) using the definition. Thus, a possible problem in learning limits may be inexperience with the behavior of functions and series/sequences, but that is easily overcome.\nIf, on the other hand, you're referring to problems that may occur when studying the limit of a function at a point, the largest problem is that limits at the point taken along different directions are not the same, and thus we say the limit of the function at that point does not exist. \nAnother problem is that the limit may exist at the point, but the value of the function at that point is not the same as the limit of the function at that point. When this occurs, we say that the function is not continuous at the point in question.\nThe only other problem is that the limit of the function may not exist due to the function diverging at that point (as one approaches the point from each direction, the value of the function increases or decreases without bound).
684 million barrels all stored in salt caverns on the gulf coast of Texas and Louisiana
i dont, but i know some that do! its so annoying...its mostly the spoiled brats!!!LOL
Tre cool from Green Day
It's possible that what you call a bruise is really blood from the hand wound pooling up in the wrist.  It would be difficult to tell the difference without a professional test or two.  If she experiences painful tenderness when touched on the wrist, then it's most likely an unrelated bruise.  Blood pooling from another injury site might not be especially painful.\n\nKeep an eye on it, and seek medical attention if the bruised area grows larger or doesn't seem to heal on its own.  There could be another injured vein or artery in the hand.
u could play musical chairs
John William Schlitt (born February 3, 1950 in Lincoln, Illinois) has been the lead singer of legendary Christian Rock band Petra since 1986. Before that, he was the singer of the band Head East during the 1970s.\n\nHe joined Petra on 1986 after Greg X. Volz, left for a solo career. Since he had left Head East in 1979, recovered from substance abuse, and become a Christian, he took the lead singing duties of the band.\n\nHe has been married to wife Dorla since 1971, and they have four kids together (Kari, John Kyle, Kris and Krey). They currently live in Franklin, Tennessee.\n\nHe graduated from the University of Illinois in 1973 with a degree in Civil Engineering.\n\nAside of his work with Petra, he has released two solo albums, Shake (1995) and Unfit For Swine (1996).
take a shirt your size, lay it on the shirt you wish to alter, and trace the outline about 1/4 of an inch around  the smaller shirt(both front and back sides), pin the larger shirt by matching the lines together, and try it on to see if it fits like you want it to, sew using the line you traced and the line on the sewing machine guide.
It shouldn't be the government that does this.  I am an Economics major, and spent a semester studying Environmental Economics.  The solution can, will, and should come from the private sector.  There are many companies out there researching alternate sources of energy, and when it becomes more economical to use these new advances in technology, the market will use them.  Right now it is too cost prohibitive to use alternate forms of energy, but as other resources become more scarce, the price of them will go up, and we as a society will use alternate forms of energy, all without having to get the government involved.
well, talk to them and tell them how important it is for them to come if you want them to so bad, call her and talk to her about it...God bless
Love is the best emotion that God has given us! I don't know if you believe this, but its written that God is love, and we are made in his image......so when we love we are actually doing something that God does too!\nWhen we are love a special someone its the most beautiful thing in the world! We have a capacity to love different people and things! I love being in love!\n\nThanks for the love...ly question!
Don't buy into the whole idea that you have to have your child attend pre-school. It's just another way for the educational system to get more tax money. You can easily educate your child at home and produce far better results yourself. My mom decided to school me herself before I went to Kinder. I learned to read,write and count and was placed in Advanced Kinder as a result. I was then skipped two grades. It wasn't that I was advanced, it was that my mom took time for me. She wasn't worried about "finding herself" or "climbing the corporate ladder". She was concerned about my future. I am with the person that said that pre-school is a convenient place to drop off your children while you do more "important" things.
They displace more water than their total mass.  It is a question of displacement and density...and if not that, magic.
Steroids and growth hormons may work.
The U.S., especially in the south (Texas for 1)!!!!
1) MONEY\n2) MONEY\n3) MONEY\n4) MONEY and guess what?\n5) MONEY
I moved to serbia just after he was sent to hague,i also felt that it was a good move but was shocked at how this country has crumbled since his departure.\n yes he was a criminal by that i mean he stole from his own people to finance the 10year war ,he gave rise to mafia and parasites which steal and feed from the poor but thats another story.\n  The fact is he is as guilty as the croatian and muslim leaders who started the break up and war, its just that the poor serbs arent catholic or muslim but orthodox which means they must be destroyed by all means so the jews and most of the world who were  allies of serbia and not to mention that if it wasnt for the serbs there wouldnt be many jews in europe today as they saved the jews from the nazis, all ended up going against serbia for some stupid reason.\n  therefore milosevic was portrayed by the media as a "dictator" and "mass murderer" and accused of running "concentration camps" but notice how the media used all of the above to pull jewish support by reminding them of the nazis but croatia was a fascist state which was with the nazis and murdered over 750 000 serbs,jews and romas living in croatia,not to mention the muslims who were also with the nazis and wanted help to destroy israel.\n  isnt it bizzare?\nfor everyone who feels sorry for albaninians should read how they lived in kosovo\n  they had theyre own schools shops albanian was the main language spoken and taught at school serbian was second IN serbia imagine mexican being the main languge spoken in texas and having special rights for mexicans thats the truth on how they lived but its not enough so they started terrorising serbs and tried to remove them from kosovo before milosevic stepped in as the terrorists tried to claim it as theyre own country.\n Kosovo has always been the heart and begining of serbia this man was only saving his own people and country! people should look back to history and see what really went on in these states before they judge someone from what they watch on american news.\n  \n  everyone should read up on how many Serbs were killed in kosovo by albanian terrorist before milosevic came in and doesnt ever country have the right to exterminate all terrorists? america actually goes into other countries to do this and its seems ok????  I am happy that the hague did not achive its main goal and i hope that they all rot in hell especially the main people who run the show. did anyone watch his trial anyway? he was always one step above them and they wouldnt of got him on much considering all the crappy evidence they had and not to mention lying witnesses which was a disgrace for such a court even the judges couldnt believe it but thats something they dont show on american tv.  I personally watched alot of it as it was aired live almost everyday!
Bush says "Its fair for me!" Now I know this sound ridiculous, but give a nucular weapon to a mexican, and we will have tortillas baby!!
Yes yes darkness is cool and all but how do you find your keys?
Some variables include Karat value. 24k is pure gold. 14 karat, or carat is 14 parts gold to 10 parts some other metal such as silver or nickel. \nNext would be spot price of gold at the time you sell it. Right now it is over $550 per "troy" ounce which is 31.1 grams.\nIs it solid gold or plated, age of the piece, hallmarkings, condition, and craftsmanship are other criteria used to determine value.
If you live in a multi-racial society, \nAnd in that multi-racial society everyone is supposed to be equal. \nThen there should no problem with correcting anyone, If its a viable and legitimate correction.
Do the matrix vector multiplication and demand AX=0. Then\n1x - 1y - 2z = 0 (eq.1)\n2x - 2y - 4z = 0 (eq.2)\n3x - 3y - 4z = 0\nThe first and last equations are identical. So you have only two equations.\nFrom (1) x = y + 2z  gives in (2)\n2(y + 2z) -2y - 4z = 0\nThis is true for all y and z.\nNow the solution is X = [y + 2z . y, z]\nin which y and z can be chosen as you like it.
red because I like red nail polish!
Call or write the National Weather Service office in your area. Or the big office in Norman, OK
Stretching every morning (especially your hamstrings) and strengthening your abdominal muscles really helps. It also helps to ice the base of your spine to help with the inflammation. A chiropractor may help depending on what's causing the sciatica. There are several different conditions involving lumbar vertebrae and discs that cause sciatica pain.
Depends on what you want to measure:\n*Pressure: a manometer is most commonly used to measure the pressure of gasses of a given temperature and quantity.  A manometer works by displacing mercury from a glass tube (measure mmHg - "millimeters mercury"). \n*Volume: a simple way is to measure volume by displacement (i.e. a balloon of oxygen placed into a bucket of water - measuring the water that is displaced)\n*Weight: weight it.  Or you can go the hard way, multiply the volume of water by the molarity of water (I think it's 1.00M), and the answer by the molecular weight of water (in amu, from the periodic table).\n*Temperature: thermometers, perhaps...
provenance????
Nothing, unless you value your job.
hey will you tell me what is wrong with you?\nare you having problems at home sweetie?\nwhy do you want a boyfriend so bad...will you answer me?
You can probably go to an EB Games or Gamestop or any store where you can trade, sell, or buy video games.
You now have a mighty fine shop rag. Congrats.\n\nDon't just throw it in the wash with other clothes or you'll have a whole load of shop rags.
Up to 256 KBPS and depends on system.users
www.hud.gov  www.fha.gov
This is certainly possible.  I beleive that there is no way for users like you and me to find out, but I am sure that the development team can tell if they are looking.\n\nThat would require that soemone suspects a person of this subterfuge and reports them.
i think the bible says we won't ever all get along. it's sad but i guess it would make life boring if we did. btw, money isn't the root of all evil, THE LOVE OF MONEY is.
go to add remove programs in control panel and re install.  Or reinstall Windows
Just had it done yesterday i will let you know in a week or so on how im doing,worked for smoking 5 years on 3/30
It is German and means \n"Fallen in love with a marvelous girl"\n\nIf you get any more try using this website:\nhttp://babelfish.altavista.com\nIt isn't 100% accurate as you'll find if you try to translate something and then translate it back to the original language but it is a fairly good rough and ready translation.
Try this ....\nOpps the whole link is here now below now.
this depends dear......how much money $$ does he have to burn?
In a perfect vacuum with no other gravitational fields or friction of any kind involved, you and your computer will accelerate toward each other and eventually collide.
Don't get down on yourself. I live in Southern California but was raised in east Texas, so I've got a thick Southern accent. Initially, people assumed I was unintelligent and had no inkling of popular culture. Instead of withdrawing and letting them intimidate me, I spoke out in every class and tried to make as many friends as I could. Change their perceptions. You can do it!
you have to talk to a lawyer in your area - you have to be an expert on laws in your state to answer that.\n\nSilly law:  you can't let a horse ride in the passenger seat of your car\n\nLaws don't always make sense.  They exist as they are if we let them.  If you don't like a law in your state, change it.
You might be able to find it on their website.  But it is usually private information for only executives and shareholders.
No, wrong... "por" means times, as in 2x4=8 (Dos POR cuatro IGUAL ocho)\n\nson/as I dont understand, the basic math funcions are:\n- (menos) minus\n+ (mas)   plus\nx (Por)   times \n/ (Dividido) divided by\n\na thing that can be is "sen" (seno) instead of "son" and means sinus. if i am in the correct line "AS" then is arcoseno and means "Arcsin".\n\nand y means either an incognit, such as in 2x+3y=4 or the simple and plain "and" of spanish language
Great Britain
Good questions!\n\nA blog is a website in which items are posted on a regular basis and displayed in reverse chronological order. The term blog is a shortened form of weblog or web log. Authoring a blog, maintaining a blog or adding an article to an existing blog is called "blogging". Individual articles on a blog are called "blog posts," "posts" or "entries". A person who posts these entries is called a "blogger". A blog comprises text, hypertext, images, and links (to other web pages and to video, audio and other files). Blogs use a conversational style of documentation. Often blogs focus on a particular "area of interest", such as Washington, D.C.'s political goings-on. Some blogs discuss personal experiences.\n\nBlogs can be hosted by dedicated blog hosting services, or they can be run using blog software on regular web hosting services.
Pro - Debt relief and stopping creditors from doing anymore actions against you.\n\nCon- 7 - 10 years of paying higher rates on EVERYTHING. You ready for that committment to your debt you have now?
Jesus loves you.  Seriously.
Absent a specific state law that permits you to file for injunctive relief in the circumstances you describe, in order to enjoin a governmental agency from acting, you must demonstrate that you have standing to sue, by alleging that you have suffered, or will imminently suffer, a particularized and concrete, injury in fact, fairly traceable to the defendant, for which a court can provide relief. \n\nCourts generally hold that standing as a taxpayer is not a sufficiently direct injury to satisfy the standing requirement for injunctive relief, except where the government is spending taxpayer money in violation of the Establishment Clause of the Constitution, by promoting a particular religious belief or sect, advances or inhibits religion generally, or creates unnecessary entanglements with religion (this is known in Constitutional Law as the "Lemon" test).\n\nSo, absent a religious connection between the agency action and the expenditure of funds, or a showing that the agency's actions will harm you directly, for example by failing to keep a tree on public land in your neighborhood trimmed, that there is an imminent danger of the tree falling on your property or person, you have no case.\n\nTherefore your risk, is that you will be wasting a lot of money and time, and that the court will simply dismiss your action as failing to state a case for which relief may be granted.\n\nYour only recourse is to contact your legislative representatives and demand and investigation or removal of the persons who are mismanaging the public fisc.
Woohoo!  Another Arizonian here!
Only if you log in as those users.  I suppose there might be some registry setting, but I've never heard of one.
Yes... but not in an automobile
Look under apprenticeship.  That way you can take work credit if you want to do something like it with pay. I think some charity organizations have some very old technology.  There is generally more use of the phones and mail than anything.  There might be some typing and use of a data base.
first, u need a life, that would be me entering it.\nsecond, u need some love, that would be me giving it.\nthirdly, u need some chocolate, that would be me handing you a box of godiva.\nfourthly, u need me because now that im in ur life, you cant live without me. \n^-^\ndoes that help?
Communism and socialism were the most imp. threat for US at that time. Soviet Union and China had emerged as powerful communist nations added with numerous other states. Peoples movement were going on and communists were strong in many coutries in Asia and Latin America. A large area of the world were under the ideological influence of communism and communism became popular among people from exploited and underdeveloped society. These were against the capitalistic and imperialist interest of many coutries. US was one of them.
The advantage is the end product. The end product will be a website that gives the user the same feel as an application on your own desktop. A person could perform a function on your site, send the data to the server, get the results, all without ever refreshing the web page.\nThe disadvantage is the development. It is difficult, combersome, and the tools are not fully developed. Also, a lot of handling needs to be built into the site so that the user can understand what is happening.
Try to alert someone, preferably an adult, I guess, whom you know and trust.  Hopefully your friend can be advised to steer his/her life elsewhere.
The 90 chevy 1/2 ton truck came with either 700R4 or a 4L60E. If it is the 4L60E it will bolt up but since it is an electronically operated unit you will need a stand alone computer that you can purchase from GM Performance Parts. Also, double check the spline count on the output shaft to see if its the same as your old one, which should be 28 splines. If you run into problems, contact Advance Adapters on the web or call them. They are in Paso Robles,CA.Have fun!
the website is http://svhs.ucps.k12.nc.us/.
you are not hydrating enough  drink water just no allot before the race and you must breath while running you muscles are putting out so much energy and the are screaming for oxygen\nand yes bananas are a miracle cure 4 or 5 a day one about an hour before you compete \ni never was one for allot of stretching but allot of people say it helps\nkeep running
try michael buble\n\nhe is AMAZING
start -  run, type in cmd, hit enter. in the new window type checkdsk, hit enter and reboot. this will check the disk for errors and repair them. to format, put in your xp cd and reboot start from disk and follow the prompts.
yes
Without the OSI Model, either their wouln't have been network connection, or they would have worked on inventing another model that helps in networking...\n\nRegarding its importance:\nIts a mean of communicatoin where data is encrypted/decrypted using a certain protocol installed on both PC's, that is then interpretted to binary, and segmentted in packets to speed up the process of data delivery while guaranteeing that there is no data loss...as if a packet is not delivered, the protocol re-requests this packet from teh source to complete teh file...\n\nThe protocol also, hashes the file to examine that it is identical...
Forget about that disc! Plug it in and restart. Then download it from the net or in most cases the cpu already has the program installed.  Go to control panel then printers then install new printer..... follow the directions from there. I always have trouble with printer discs.....
I think you mean the cotten GIN, by Eli whitney. He made it here in the states to separate cotton from cotton seeds, it put us economically ahead because we could produce more cotton. Then britan and everyone caught on, and it was just a really useful tool.
if you are talking to a man "ibka fe almoheet"\nif you are talking to a woman "ibky fe almoheet"\nif you are talking to a group "ibko fe almoheet"\npure arabic no accent
My advice would be for you to ask her questions about herself.  That is a conversation starter.  Listen to her.  She'll love it.
Ensure you have at least one to one meet. Set the rules.\nTell them the parameters of the virtual. Be it a Blackboard or whatever you set up.\n Tell them time frames. Stick to them.\n    Encourage them to contact you. You learn as much as they do.\n  Use this as a reflective study in your development.\n    Give them encouragement if they interact.\n  Tne world we live in makes it hard for many. The smallest reply, with consideration can make a huge impact on someone. remember you don't know every-body's social situation, hence encouragement and feedback can mean the difference between support or perceived disrespect.
men have breasts.  they can even produce milk and breastfeed.  it's a proven fact!
Can't have a list without Da Vinci, and Copernicus.\n\nBut in recent history... nevermind,\n\nLeonardo Da Vinci.\n\nAnd then of course, President Bush.
To spread the liberal, left wing agenda.
Misconduct by an IRS employee should be reported to The Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) This agency was established to provide independent oversight of IRS activities.\n\nWhat TIGTA investigates:\n\n    * Mismanagement or violations of law, rules, or regulations by the IRS employees or contractors.\n    * Mismanagement or violations of law, rules, or regulations by the TIGTA employees or contractors.\nYou can report an IRS employee in several ways:\n\nCall toll free 1-800-366-4484\nor write to\nTreasury Inspector General\nfor Tax Administration Hotline\nP.O. Box 589\nBen Franklin Station\nWashington, DC 20044-0589\n\nYou can also make a report online at the link I've provided below.\nDo not be intimidated.\nGood luck.
It won't be built directly on the border.  It will be built slightly inside the US territory.  So I doubt illegals will be hired. In fact, they will sub-contract it out to a Haliburton subsidiary and we will pay $50 / hour plus $100 per diem for guys to stand around and watch the one illegall *they* hired to build the wall.\n\nAnd currenly, the border is the Rio Grande River.  Mexico diverted it a bit.  A park the US had built on the river's edge became Mexican property because the new route for the river put the park on the southern side of the river.
go here to http://www.dynamicdrive.com/ and click on scrollers in the menu.
May your future be bright and loving. May you have many happy years together We will always be there for you. Remember this. The love you give to your children willhopefully be passed down to your grandchildren. Good luck and much wisdom.
3
Try using LinkedIn. It is a social networking by which you can introduce your friends and they in turn would introduce their friends. With this at some point, you could find people in your social network who could find a job for you in California.\n\nOr, you could always look up for a job on http://www.dice.com
This is a really good question.  I'd think that they both come from the same root - they have the same origins.  Before you can stereotype, you need to know someone's identity.  Then you need to apply that identity to other people with the same characteristics.  Keeping in mind that not all stereotypes are negative, this is a nice way to link the two.
Probably the formats are different. Are you using the same applciation, i mean MS word to open the files?
Men have superegos, they are bruised easily by females. Men feel that they should be able to do what they want, but that you shouldn't say anything about their behavior. It's not right for them to play with your emotions, but since they don't open up and express their emotions like women do, they feel that you should let them be, stop pressuring them. They are wrong, a couple needs to be able to talk, communicate or there is definitely a problem. As for lying, lying is a way they can feel in control, have everything go their way. They know the risks of lying to you, but they still do it because it's a defense mechanism, it keeps them from having to face their fears. Don't let them do you like that though, regardless if they are scared of commitment or being open with their mate, you can't sit back and be second. If they really love you, I think they will let the wall down and be open with you, like you are with them. But if they can't be the slightest bit open with you, then they really are not ready to have experience anything special with you. Just my take on it.
There are ways to speed up audio content, but you need sophisticated software to do so. At least speed it up and maintain the pitch, that is.  I use Digital Performer. It is an amazing audio recording program that does everything, including time shifting audio. I have not tried to import a .wma file, but I think it might do that. Post the file somewhere and I'll give it a try. BTW, why do you want to double speed it?
I do believe that she is in serious need of some love.  The person or thing she thinks loves her is only using her for their own selfish needs and she's either too stubborn or too niave to realize this.  I shall pray for her.  Hopefully God can open her eyes.  It's like that saying I heard once, love comes softly.  Well God will knock softly on the door to her heart, until she lets him in.
Siddharth Varadarajan (b. 1965) is a leading Indian journalist and editor of Gujarat: The Making of a Tragedy.He has reported on the NATO war against Yugoslavia, the destruction of the Bamiyan Buddhas by the Taliban regime in Afghanistan, the war in Iraq and the crisis in Kashmir. He now works for The Hindu.\n\nAfter studying economics at the London School of Economics and Columbia University, he taught at New York University for several years before joining The Times of India as an editorial writer in 1995.\n\nIn November 2005, the United Nations Correspondents Association awarded him the Elizabeth Neuffer Memorial Prize Silver Medal for Print Journalism for a series of articles, Persian Puzzle on Iran and the International Atomic Energy Agency. \n\nGujarat: The Making of a Tragedy, edited by Varadarajan, contains accounts of the violence against the Muslims of that province of India. The book was published by Penguin Books in 2002.\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siddharth_Varadarajan
I had a digital camera and myself and two good friends drove to Greenwood Cememtary in Leavenworth, Ks at about midnight and as we drove we had a bad fealing so i just stuck the camera out the window as we sat there and snapped a picture. When i pulled it in i looked and there were orbs everywhere in the picture. Later that night we went back (after my heart started beating again) and we walked through there and we saw a lady in blue pushing a baby carrige through headstones.  Lets just say i was outta there.
i dont look for sweat in a girl i want her to smell nice!.sicko!\n\nlol..just kidding she is hot but she has got nothing compared to eva mendes! wow now thats a stunner!!
Check the pcv system to make sure it is working properly. If that is not working properly than your engine is not getting proper ventilation and condensation will built up in the engine. Than check to see if you are losing coolent.
Yes.
these are the stuff u need:\n1.get soccer shoes,size 5 ball,shen guards,extra socks,(if need goalie gloves)\nhere r the rules:\n1.use ur feet only\n2.always have ur shirt tucked in\n3.shin guards must be under socks\n4.NEVER try to take the ball away from the goalie when in his/her hands\n5.NEVER use ur arm to push the person away use ur body/shoulder to keep them away\n6.u can only be offsides if someone passes u the ball and u r in front of the other team deffenders\n7.alway keep ur feet down NEVER put ur feet in the air of it will be a dangerous play\n8.never play on the ground\n9.if a throw in drag ur feet\n\nhope i helpeed
Are you thinking about "ERA", Equal Rights Amendment.\n\nThe ERA was never ratified and die several years ago but it's the only thing I can think of that is even close to addressing your abbreviated question.
I'm at work using this now & it isn't my lunch break either. I have resigned & finish in less than a week so I DON'T CARE...
Of course..Nero 7 does a lot of stuff.  It has an issue of making skips in the songs though, I had that happen with my cds and other people have mentioned it too.
i think it is in March
Water is in a liquid state between 32 and 212 degrees F.  (down to 0 degrees F for salt water.)\n\nWet is generally defined as the condition of being liquid.
I'm not! I love the country.
This is not really related to politics!\nYou may want to move this question in another, more appropriate section
absolutely unyielding, slacker.
Like Magellan
because certain parts are not always touching you chest or neck area it's your body heat that contains whether it should be cold or warm\nSincerely Lazy_gurl_out
That's what they make swimming caps for.
I know that when my bicycle needs anything I should take it to the cycle shop here in my city and NOT let my hubby tinker with it before hand as it ends up costing more money when I do take it to the shop.
All of it!!!\nHave a look here:
AT A.T.
a person who loves power struggles, but wants to maintain the relationship - by far, most unhealthy - a symptom of future abuse???  Just my opinion
A phototoxic substance is a chemical compound which becomes toxic only when exposed to light.\n\nPhototoxicity is a phenomenon known in live-cell live cell fluorescence microscopy, where illuminating a fluorescent molecule (the fluorescently active site is called a fluorophore) causes the selective death of the cells expressing it. While not completely understood, it seems to be clear that the main cause for phototoxicity is the formation of oxygen radicals due to non-radiative energy transfer.\n\nTypically in fluorescence, photons of a certain wavelength excite electrons of the illuminated fluorophore to higher energy states. When these excited electrons return to a lower energy state, they emit a photon with a lower energy level thus causing the emission of light of a longer wavelength. This principle of fluorescence is also known as Stokes shift.\n\nUnfortunately for microscopists, in many cases some of the energy is not used for this radiative energy transfer but is transferred to oxygen causing the formation of oxygen radicals. These radicals are highly toxic to living cells, sometimes killing cells in seconds.\n\nPhototoxicity in live cells depends strongly on the kind of fluorescent molecule used. The isolation and characterization of fluorescent proteins such as green fluorescent protein (GFP) has provided biologists with fluorochromes which show a much weaker phototoxic effect compared to most smaller chemically synthesized fluorescent molecules such as FITC or rhodamine. Still, the energy level of excitation light as well as the duration of illumination must be minimized to ensure long-term survival of living cells during fluorescent imaging.\n\n\n\n# May cause a skin reaction such as burning, irritation, or pigment change upon exposure to ultra-violet light (sunlight, tanning lights).\nwww.simplers.com/herbal/definition.htm\n\n# sun exposure causes skin pigmentation\nwww.aworldofaromatherapy.com/aromatherapy-glossary.htm\n\n# increases the sensitivity of the skin to sunlight and ultraviolet radiation to the point of toxicity\nwww.lovingscents.com/Glossary.htm
There should be a Website for the Clerk of Court. Also, as far as Your Lost Items, did You Buy Anything on Credit ? If so, there should be a Record of those Items with Whoever You Purchased Them from, even if They're Paid Off. Get the Serial/I.D. Numbers of those Items. Also, if any of Your Missing Property was Insured, then Your Insurance Company should have Documentation as well. Declare your Property as having been Stolen, to Law Enforcement. If any of Your Property shows up at any Pawn Shop, or Anywhere, for that Matter, Nationwide, it must be returned to You. I don't know what the Time Limit is for that sort of Thing, but at least You can Try! I hope this helps!
Unless you can justify to your company your need to access that site, I don't think there's much you can do.  If it's legitimate, you shouldn't have a problem doing this.  Otherwise, wait until you are home to get to that site.
Well there are so many of them, one with direct relation to your question, the link is given below, if it is not what you want please refine your query
I sure do.
This link may be of use
If you got into Lotus position, take a deep breath and relax, that might work...Easier...\n\nBut why don't you just go get a pedicure, than you can have someone else do it for you...Easiest...\n\nBut whichever way you choose, Have Fun!
I believe in falling in love with the IDEA of that person, but unless you're planning a life of celibacy, you need to meet in person to determine if it's true love.
i havent personally bought anythong on ebay, but my coworker bought a car! how wild is that!
That's perfectly ok, resident shield are the part of AVG that scans every file (or some suspectible files only depending on your config) for virus before you open them, AVG runs perfectly well without it running. However it's advised not to turn the resident shield off except when needed to do so since it might make your system more vulnerable to virus attack.\n\n>scan in reg mode\n\nAntivirus software are best run in safe mode, however for daily check that might be too much of a mess.
its has a 99.9% of being a scam
under da Q itll say answer this Question click on that type the answer, type where u found it and hit preview then it ok or whatever it says!
Contact your federal probation officer for guidelines.  If not on probation, contact your public defender for guidelines and approved community service organizations.
The answer is 1.\nSolution:\n5^n is alway something like: 5*5*5*....*5\nand can never be perfectly divisible by 2, since none of its prime factors is 2, so you know it´s not zero. Therefor, there will always be a remainder. This remainder must be necessarily less that 2, because if it were greater than or equal to 2, then you could "fit in another 2" into the quotient. It can then only be 1.\n \nAs a rule, any number that cannot be perfectly divided by 2 yield a remainder of one. Think about it this way, if you have a group of people and you wanna form several pairs, either you have a perfect match or you have 1 person left, if you had another person left, you´d pair them up.
School is out so you have to be patient.  Once they get it out of their system might be able to get a sensible question.
If they share common values, e.g. religion, how to raise children, etc., then why not?
Yea, but I couldn't read it because it was in Cursive.
im learning that you really have to trust what your instints are telling you.. If you have to question things to your friends or family then its usually from something your instincts have told you...so trust them.\nWhen both your brain and heart feel at ease and there are no questions you will know its true love.
sorry sweetie, sounds like you have scabies-get yourself to doc. now, VERY CONTAGIOUS -it was a very sweet thing you did though-bless you
they are from Germany that's why
Tis true...I've used the technique of the other commenter...\nMention the weather even, no matter how lame that might seems...like today it was snowing in APRIL...strike a convo somehow or else it'll always be just this guy, this face you see around... It doesn't hurt to try.
Mosquitos are MOST DEFINITELY animals. They are part of the taxonomic kingdom animalia.\n\nMany of the respondants are correct. Mosquitos have caused more human deaths than any other animal because they spread the parasites that cause malaria. \n\nRats spread the parasites that carry the bacteria that cause bubonic plague but malaria has killed more people than plague.
warning: violent content\n\nHonestly, I don't think many Oxford students have muscles.  I think you should make him a regular nerd.  His dog died and he went off the deep end and shot the owner with tranquilizers.  The tranquilizer dart got stuck in his jugular and when the store owner tried to remove it before the sedatives kicked in, that was really what did him in.  The blood squirted everywhere and the dogs licked it up.  There was enough tranquilizer in the blood to sedate them.\n\nIt's pretty cheesy and disgusting, but maybe that brainstorm will help give you some ideas.
Depending on what you intend to do with the colt/filly when the broodmare foals. Breeding is not a science, it is an art or a highly probable degree of expectancy from the results, at best. \n\nChances are, by crossing a Tennessee Walker with a Quarter Horse, you will not get a faster quarter horse. With over two hundred disciplines, many horses carry their traits to their offspring and are bred for a particular reason.\n\nBy crossing the two disciplines, the Quarter Horse and the Tennesssee Walker, you may get a better cutting horse, that may be needed for farming, or a better dressage horse, where appearance weighs a lot in judging or challenging the grand prix circuit with a hunter-jumper, might be an interesting idea.\n\nHowever, the down side of it all is that when you cross breed specific horse disciplines, you may also be inviting a genetic inheritance that could effect the progeny. For example, it has been noted that many bred thoroughbreds  from the Bold Ruler blood line carry arthritis into the genetic structure off any foals born of that line. Laminitis, a hoof condition that caused the death of Secretariat, a direct decedent of Bold Ruler, colt-progeny, may also be an inherited trait, doubtful, but a possibility. Only time will afford blood lines genetic structures to be noticed and determined. And, even over time, one negative trait may disappear with the breeding of the progeny to another blood line.\n\nTo make any assumption as to what to expect from any type of breeding, you need to know the intended purpose of an owner of the eventual foal. In essence, the question is thrown back to you as to what do you expect to do with the foal from the breeding of a Tennessee Walker and a Quarter Horse.\n\nIt would be a good idea to check with the equine veterinarian within your community or any college or university to deteremine if the combination of a Tennessee Walker with a Quarter Horse will produce what degree of success. The University of Colorado has an excellent equine breeding curriculum as does Kentucky.\n\nRemember, you must first deteremine your intentions before you breed any specific discipline with any other specific discipline. And, have a knowledgeable veterinarian carry the broodmare to full term.\n\nYou may want to look into artificial insemination and genetic engineering before doing any seriuous cross breeding between the equine disciplines...Good Luck.
I registered Independent, because I didn't have strong political leanings in either direction.
High Clouds - 20,000 feet and up\n\nCirrus Clouds\n\nCirrostratus "halo" Clouds\n\nCirrocumulus Clouds\n\n\nMiddle Clouds -Between 6,500 and 20,000 feet\n\nAltostratus Clouds\n\nAltocumulus Clouds\n\nCumulonibus (Mamma) Clouds\n\n\nLow Clouds - Between the ground and 6,500 feet\n\nStratus Clouds\n\nStratocumulus Clouds\n\nStratus Fratus Clouds\n\n\nVertical-Development Clouds - Can be any height\n\nCumulus Clouds\n\nCumulonimbus Clouds\n\nGrowing Congest Cumulus Clouds
strip poker is nice
To help vomit up poison, ipicac syrup is needed.  However, why do you want to vomit?  Voluntary vomiting is not good for you, and it sounds like you should consult a doctor.
You certainly can have kids.\n\nYou will always have herpes.  There is no known cure.  Treatments are highly successful, and can actually cause outbreaks to be VERY rare.
Clique's are, well..... They're HELL! My "Clique" is well, I tlak to the popular people, but I'm mainly and outcast, I have friends, and all my friends are outcasts too. I once was in the "Popular" people, Then the year ended and well, I wasn't in demand any more, but you know what? I really don't care! Ya, actually I was stereotyped from the moment I got to school. Here's the run down of my school:\n~ Losers\n~the jocks\n~the Drama Queens/Kings\n~The Gay population\n~The Punk Wanna be's\n~The skater Wanna Be's\n~The wiggers\n~ The Gothic Freaks\n~The nerds\n~ The Band Geeks/Freaks\n~The Whore Population\n~ The rebels\n~The Stoners\n~The Rejects\n~The burnouts\n~The offspring of Hippies\n~ The suck ups\n I could go on for ever, but I think you get the idea!
No, Jennifer Aniston shouldn't associate herself with a homewrecker who has stolen men from other women before. Such as marrying Billy Bob Thornton while he was still engaged to another woman. His finacee found out when she saw his wedding to Jolie in the tabloids.\n\nAngelina Jolie has some damn nerve.
Solve? That's not an equation. There's no equals sign.\n\nAlso, I'm not exactly sure what the expression is. Some parentheses are nice. I don't know if it's (x+3)/(x+5) or x+(3/x)+5.
Block their phone number, and they can't bill you.
Most questions on here are asking for an opinion. But, yes, there are ocassions where it is possible
honestly i was way to young. It was the summer that i would be goin into 8th grade. Yeah it was the guys first time also. It was actually really not that bad. I thought it would be worse, but it wasnt. Then it was an everynight thing. But let me tell u, MAKE SURE it is the RIGHT person  because i havent seen my "at the time bf" in about 5 years and i am goin on 20 in June. I wish it wasnt with him seein the fact that we are no longer even in contact but at the time i was in love with him and still have alot of feelings for him even though he was always in trouble and not well liked. PLEASE make sure its the right person..Dont rush theres nuttin to hurry about. Save urself
NO!! Religious icons don’t belong anywhere near PUBLIC PROPERTY!  Not everyone "believes" those who don’t shouldn’t have to be subjected to the iconology of those who do.  That’s what churches, shrines, mosques, etc. are for!
I have to agree.  Lincoln.  He even told some of his staff that he had a dream that he woke up and walked down the stairs in the White House and saw a bunch of people and asked the Soldier guard whats this.  The guard told him the President had died.  HE WOKE UP!!!!
To a Landfill
you're wrong about the "prude" part.  a girl who doesn't screw any guy that comes along isn't a prude, she's much more likely to be worth waiting for.
why do you call a penis a dick? slang
I'm not exactly sure what you're meaning, but here's two answers.\n\nWith all banks giving credit to YOU, that depends on your FICO score.  Your FICO score determines how reliable you are as a lender. Most banks follow the same rates, depending on your FICO score, and all of them charge you similar amounts. \nWith banks loaning to each other, this is called a federal funds rate.  Banks actually prefer this over the Federal Discount Rate, which is when the Fed loans money to banks.\nThe Fed requires that banks keep a certain amount of money at all times.  This is called a Reserve Requirement.  This is checked periodically and is usually a percentage of total checking deposits.  To make this requirement, banks will loan to each other, thus satisfying the Fed and each bank.
Yes.\nI was teased relentlessly.  I would be just walking alone, trying to avoid people like someone avoids the plague, and kids would go out of thier way to tease me. No one talked to me at all. I was in a graduating class of 13 students so basically it was the cool kids vs. the dork. I had only one "friend" and she only talked to me  because the cool kids wouldn't.  She would rat out my secrets just to get back up on the social ladder.\nI got so down that I gained weight and suffered from scoliosis ( Back problems).I could not look at myself in the mirror becasue It would depress me. The very sight of me made me grieve. I was teased because of my looks, something I could not control.\nWhen in the car with my mom  I asked her if she would miss me If I died. I just wanted to know someone cared, and I knew she was working hard at school so we could have a better life. thats when I revealed I wanted to commit suicide. She said it was a "plan of the devil" ( we are religious) and told me not to worry,just pray. \nFunny how that was middle school. I was depressed all three years.\nOnce I got to highschool I was SOOO happy. NO one teased me. Everyone was so nice. I had friends, i wasnt popular but I had FRIENDS!\nI felt the stress lift off of me.  I lost weight and the scoliosis went away! \nNow I look back at those days and im sad from time to time, but Im so happy my mom graduated form college and got a great paying job. She was able to send me to a nice private HS and I was treated kindly. I am somewhat happy I didnt kill myself because now I am attending UCONN at storrs and am quite happy. I made it through , but I grieve for the many that werent as lucky as me.
I think cheating is cheating, period. It's up to whatever you and your spouse agree on.
This isn't anything new. People have been hating the US for many many years. Long before GWB came to power. \n\nWhen you're the most powerful richest, nation in the world, not many people are going to like you.
Without, in both instances... :)}
Sure: http://www.kwiznet.com/p/takeQuiz.php?ChapterID=2571&CurriculumID=22
Not all harrasment is of a sexual nature.\nYou could tell hr that you are uncomfortable with being followed oround.\nIf its bothersome or makes you uncomfortable say so.\nIf his obsession with you is accompanyed with personal attacks or critisisms say so.\nReview your own companys policy on harrasment and how it is defined.\n\nThat is the kind of thing that just goes away if you ignore it.\nEventualy you boss will get sick of his behavior anyways.\n\nOr ( its a bad Idea to do this but ) you can deal with it with a scence of humor and just start reporting to him and asking him questions he can't answer about the business.\nThat some times can make a guy like that back off.
I had this same problem for a while, too. You need to go to "Preferences" in the "File" drop-down bar, and go to "Edit." Look on the checklist. You will notice the words "Overtype Mode." Uncheck this preference, and you're home free!
http://ohioline.osu.edu/hyg-fact/5000/5551.html\n\nHope this helps.
Well, it happened.  There is nothing ANYONE can do about that.  But it was wrong.  Just like it was wrong for the Egyptians to use slave labor to build the pyramids.  Just like it is wrong for those crappy little third world countries to use children for slave labor.  And so on.  It is NOT just an American problem, but a world problem.  Always has been, always WILL be!
Everything JWB said, except also Take Pre-natal vitamins, and regular visits to your ob-gyn.
Here is website that specializes in finding jobs ONLY for Civil Engineers, if that is what your question meant.\n\nhttp://www.civilengineeringjobs.com/
That would be quartz or SiO2... aka silica or silicon dioxide.\n\nThere are many forms & colors of quartz such as clear, milky, rose, smokey, citrine, amethyst, etc. It is also found as opal which is non-crystalline silica (no crystals).\n\nIt is found as sand grains, as quartz veins, & in rocks such as granite. It is also found alone such as above. SiO2 is also part of a major mineral group called the silicates.\n\nFeldspar is also common but it is one of the most common rock-forming minerals. Feldspar easily weathers & is broken down into clay in warmer wetter climates (ie southern states & the tropics)
Inhalation cancer risk value (potency)Not a recognized or suspect carcinogen\nIngestion cancer risk value (potency)Not a recognized or suspect carcinogen\nhttp://www.scorecard.org/chemical-profiles/edf-risk-characterization.tcl?edf_substance_id=115-86-6
Go Patriots...there is a possibility that GMU can make it to the final 4
go to settings
i think anti-pespirant is a lot more effective than just deodorant. You can also find some crystalised salt (most times it's sold in a solid crystal tube) - activate by rinsing under the tap and apply - has no smell but it effectively eliminates the bacteria under the arms that cause the smell. that might be a better alternative for your daughter since it's natural.
To add perception to existence
I think it is a tie between my personality and my penchant for being brutally honest. (even when it will get me in trouble with the boss!) Do not misunderstand, I can lie like a rug when it comes to certain people - like bill collectors!
anything to do with Elvis is collectable
I really don't think you are supposed to get a perm or color your hair when you are pregnant but you can always ask your salon tec.
In 1942, despite the United States involvement in World War II, President Roosevelt gave baseball the ‘green light’ to continue on. Roosevelt stressed the importance of more night games, allowing war time workers to catch night games at the ball park. In support of America’s efforts throughout World War II, each major league team wore the insignia of the “Hale America” campaign on their jersey.
No way!  I can't and I'm 13 inches taller then the first guy...         ...holy cow(!)...
Shaking the magic 8 ball . . . . \n\nAsk again?
If you're having trouble finding this guy, have you considered the possibility that you've mis-spelled the surname? I've never seen the name Scagel before, but have known more than one Scargill (although no Jimmy or James Scargill, sorry).\n\nMight be worth a try.
When you have an electric heater, the power P can be calculated by VxI.\nFor instance: 230 volt x 12 ampere = 2760 watt = 2.8 kW\nI hope I made you happy.
He was the grandfather of Jacob/Israel.
I wish I knew.  I think it has something to do with showing the Iraqi people that they are in charge of their destiny
it can cause prematurity and spontaneous abortion (miscarriage)
Sine and cosine are the parts of trigonometric functions , invented by Hipparchus of Nicaea (180-125 BC). He was a Greek astronomer, geographer, and mathematician.
Windows Defender (Beta 2) is a free program that helps protect your computer against pop-ups, slow performance, and security threats caused by spyware and other unwanted software. It features Real-Time Protection, a monitoring system that recommends actions against spyware when it's detected, and a new streamlined interface that minimizes interruptions and helps you stay productive.  \n\nhttp://www.microsoft.com/athome/security/spyware/software/default.mspx
Ginger she looks like she's been around the block a few times
Dude, i know how you feel. I'm a sophomore and i like this chick.  I usually start out asking about homework. Then after "you got the help," ask her about what you think about a certain subject that she might be interested in.  The girl i like, likes Japanese anime and so do i, thus i ask her about what new animes came out recently.  If you know that she cares about you even a lil bit, ask her how her day was and listen to her no matter how annoying she gets.  Hint to her that you like her by actually commenting and listening.  I like to talk about "deep subjects" like "how corrupt society has become by media" and we just talk.  Get her to tutor you in a class you do poor in.  Or plainly ask her out.  DON'T STUTTER YOUR WORDS.  email me if you want more advise.  This stuff works for me.
tough one, but id go with pedro. on a better team and they both put up similar numbers. only problem might be his injured toe, so be carefull.
Haha. That was pretty funny, though a bit corny.\n\nIt made me laugh though.\n\nGood one.
Hi...\n\nYes, I know exactly what you are talking about... most of these kinds of devices have to be special-ordered, so an Internet search is your best place to start.  Looking through GOOGLE using the phrase "voice-activated phones" yields some pretty promising results, such as this one:\n\nhttp://www.ablephone.com/\n\nHope that helps,\nJoe
Be yourself and hope you're gal of his dreams....
http://www.itv.com
Some argue that liberalism (capitalism) will bring people want to not only have choice in their goods and services but also in their governments.  This is not always the case, ironically, a state could continue to be authoritarian but accomodate liberalism.  In essence swinging from communism to fascism.  I think the chances of China moving towards democracy are greater than North Korea's.  However the Republic of Korea (South Korea) has its Sunshine Policy that ultimate seeks the reuniting of the two countries and if this occured, it would most certainly be a democracy.  Time will tell in those two countries.\n\n   As far as communism goes.  The idea is utopian and relies too much on the good will of human beings being their best all the time.  Unfortunately few are saints and this system of economics and government has proven to be a failure.
You can set up an online forum on any topic you want easily enough.  You could just declare that the rules are you can only discuss the particular topic, and only in question and answer format.  If you're using it for a particular group (i.e. your class), you could just keep track of points on a whiteboard or such.  It probably won't be quite as addicting as Answers, though, because part of what's so great about Answers is only can discuss whatever topic you're interested in.  If you're trying to get kids interested in something their not, the Q and A format might be more engaging that straight lecture, but they won't find it as much fun as posting silly questions and getting silly answers.
You say you live in Hawaii? Here's what I do whenever I'm in a big rush: \nGo out to the backyard (or out front by the neighbor's hedges), grab a couple of ti leaves, wrap the gift in the ti leaves, use tape or string and PAU!\nP.S. - Don't forget to use a red Sharpie to write the recipient's name on the ti leaf!
mmm... the funniest friends moment ever huh? i dare ot say much here... as it seems to be like betraying my friend... still, i'll just state something down... the funniest moment of my funniest friend is that, she usualy laugh a lot that some people would say that she's having some mental problem... and when she's serious, everybody will try to avoid her which makes her feel as if she wears the shirt or dress in a wrong side or she forgot to zip her pants... she'll never stop asking until she reaches home... that really make me and the others laugh till we can't stop... heheh
Here are some resources that can help you write your business plan:\n\n- SBA Business Plan Basics http://www.powerhomebiz.com/startup/businessplan.htm\n- PowerHomeBiz.com Creating a Business Plan section http://www.powerhomebiz.com/startup/businessplan.htm\n- Entrepreneur.com Writing a Business Plan section http://www.entrepreneur.com/bizplan/0,7253,,00.html\n\nYou may also want to review some sample business plans to see how it actually looks like:\n\n- Bplans.com http://www.bplans.com/sp/businessplans.cfm\n- MOOT Corp Business Plan competition winners\nhttp://www.businessplans.org/businessplans.html\n- VFinance - View hundreds of real business plans in pdf format. http://www.vfinance.com/home.asp?bps=1&ToolPage=bps_main.asp\n- Business Owners Toolkit Sample business plans and information on how to create a plan. http://www.toolkit.cch.com/tools/buspln_m.asp\n- PlanWare  Planning software and information. http://www.planware.org/\n- Virtual Business Plan  Walk through the design of a business plan. http://www.bizplanit.com/vplan.html\n- SBA Business Planning Guide http://www.sba.gov/starting_business/planning/basic.html\n- Small Business Advancement Center http://www.sbaer.uca.edu/business_plan/businessPlan.pdf\nS- ample Business Plan  General planning guide created by the Canadian Business Service Center. http://www.cbsc.org/servlet/ContentServer?pagename=CBSC_FE/display&c=GuideFactSheet&cid=1081945275913&lang=en\n- Business Plans Index - A subject guide to sample business plans and profiles for specific business types from Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh. http://216.183.184.20/subject/business/bplansindex.html\n\nSome recommended books are (linked to Amazon so you can easily learn more about the books):\n\n- Business Plans Kit for Dummies \n- The Complete Book of Business Plans : Simple Steps to Writing a Powerful Business Plan \n- Writing Business Plans That Get Results : A Step-By-Step Guide \n- Business Plans For Dummies® \n- Your First Business Plan : A Simple Question and Answer Format Designed to Help You Write Your Own Plan \n\nHope that the above resources help
just go to yahoo yelowpages and put that in:\n\nHabitat for humanity, Houstan, tx\n\nIf there is one, it will pop up for you.\n\nGood luck!
yes he can do as he like even he can stop access to the user
Play poker. Make sports bets with people who don't know anything about sports (example: Colts vs Cardinals).
That's really sad.  Is this a big company or a small one?  If it's a big one, you should go to your boss' boss and explain what's happening.  Low employee morale affects productivity, and I'm sure the company doesn't want the employees to be non-productive.  \n\nAlso, there are labor laws about paychecks being late.  Go to the Department of Labor website to learn more about what recourse you have:  http://www.dol.gov/\n\nMaybe a few well placed articles about labor law left on your boss' desk will help him to remember to pay you on time?\n\nGood luck.
To keep warm.
rotten.com
Median annual earnings of respiratory therapists were $43,140 in May 2004.
I believe that people do drugs because they can't face reality.  alot of young people do it because it was introduced to them by a friend. However, a strong teen, can refuse it I believe that alot of it is what the parents instill in them. however, when it comes to an adult, the only reason I can possibly think of is stupidity. I'm sure that alot of them have personal problems,  it is a way to destroy your body, family, children, and everything areound you. so when someone does drugs they affect everyone, not just their selves.
It can be used during certain parts of the operation (and is quite frequently).  If the cystectomy is being done for bladder cancer and there is any worry about disease through the wall of the bladder or within the abdomen, the recaptured blood may not be usable.  By definition, the "cell saver" really filters the heck out of salvaged blood - but there are limits and unknowns.  Strict criteria are used for what can be given back to a patient and what cannot.  \n\nIf religious beliefs do not allow you to receive a transfusion it may be your only option, many hospitals have, or are affiliated with bloodless surgery programs - ask you doc about them.   \n\nIf it is fear of transmission of blood borne disease - you need to talk with your surgeon about the real statistics - the risks are not as great as the risk of blood loss that may require the use of blood products.  Best Wishes -
1.252 X 10^-2 mol of H
Friction is when there is contact between two surfaces.  If you put your hand on a table and press down and forward, your hand will slide, but it won't slide as easily if your hand were greased with butter, for example.  Friction is what keeps your hand from sliding smoothly.\n\nIt has to do with gravity, because gravity pulls your hand down on the table (in addition to the pressure you put on it).\n\nIn more detail, friction is actually an opposing force.  Your hand wants to slide in the direction you're pushing it in, but it can't as easily because the force of friction is pushing it BACK AGAINST YOU.  The friction opposes (doesn't let it happen easily) your pushing.\n\nHope that helped.
I don't automatically label asians as smart, there are smart people in every race and i'm sure that all asians are not smart.\n\nIf you know the answer to a question go ahead and answer it if you want to, you shouldn't let others affect your education - in the future when you're working they wont be there with you.
ARCH PAIN\nThe human foot is made up of 26 bones, 19-foot muscles, 13 leg muscles and 15 ligaments along with over a mile of tiny blood vessels and nerves. The arch forms a bridge between the front and the back part of the foot. It is made up of bones, ligaments and tendons and is subjected to a lot of stress and work. Ill-fitting shoes, long periods of time on your feet, and hard surfaces can all cause arch pain. Arch pain itself is often an early symptom telling you that the bones, ligaments and muscles of the foot are being overworked and are getting tired. Tired legs and feet, foot and leg cramps, and perhaps even low back pain can frequently accompany it.
James J. Jeffries, who was champ from June 9, 1899 to May 13, 1905. Jeffries became the first champ to relinquish his crown, announcing his retirement and declaring the winner of the Marvin Hart vs. Jack Root match would be the next champ.
the quantam state, right. there are different dimentions, might be a hidden dimention, where you can find the molicules.
There are reference books out there for older golf clubs....perhaps this one has the info you desire:\n\nhttp://www.antiquegolf.com/Books/ReferenceBooks.html
Use balloons. Use 2 balloons and a meter stick. Fill the balloons with air. Place them at the ends of the stick. Ballace them. Now deflate 1 balloon. Are they still balance. Ofcourse no because 1 ballon is filled with air while the other balloon is not.
There are several characters that distinguish members of the Order Primates from other mammals, but different members of the Order may or may not display all of these characteristics as they have evolved in different directions throughout their evolutionary history:\n\n1.  opposable thumb and big toe (opposable thumb is best developed in humans.  thumb is completely lost in spider monkeys)\n\n2.  flat nails instead of claws  (marmosets have re-developed claws to assist in climbing)\n\n3.  hindlimb-dominated locomotion (best developed in humans and sifakas, forelimbs have become dominant in gibbons)\n\n4.  relative reduction in the olfactory sensory system as compared to other mammalian orders (very noticeable in South American primates, snouts have become enlarged again in the baboons, are still well developed in many lemur species)\n\n5.  increased reliance on visual sensation (primates in general probably have the best vision and best colour sensation of any group of mammals)\n\n6.  tendency towards smaller litter size, longer gestation times and extended juvenile growth with accompanied increase in material care (most developed in humans with 18+ years of parental care and litter sizes of even two being unusual)\n\n7.  relatively large brains (again, most developed in humans)\n\n8.  reduced number of teeth, with a maximum of two incisors, one canine, three premolars and three molars in each jaw quadrant (humans have further reduced this to two premolars, and the third molars (aka wisdom teeth) often do not develop at all)\n\nSo there is no one trait that automatically designates a mammal as being a primate.
The name of the tenth planet is 90377 Sedna.  90377 Sedna is a trans-Neptunian object, discovered by Michael Brown (Caltech), Chad Trujillo (Gemini Observatory) and David Rabinowitz (Yale University) on November 14, 2003. At the time of its discovery it was the most distant observed natural solar system body, though this has now been exceeded by 2003 UB313 (a provisional name). \n\nThis particular scattered disc object, 2003 UB313, originally found in 2003 but confirmed two years later by Mike Brown (Caltech), David Rabinowitz (Yale University), and Chad Trujillo (Gemini Observatory), has renewed the old debate about what constitutes a planet since it is ~30% larger than Pluto with an estimated diameter of 1864 miles. It currently has no name, but has been given the provisional designation 2003 UB313, and has been nicknamed "Xena" by its discoverers, after the television character. It has many similarities with Pluto: its orbit is highly eccentric, with a perihelion of 38.2 AU (roughly Pluto's distance from the Sun) and an aphelion of 97.6 AU, and is steeply inclined to the ecliptic plane, at 44 degrees, more so than any known object in the solar system except the newly-discovered object 2004 XR190. Like Pluto, it is believed to consist largely of rock and ice, and has a moon. Whether it and the largest Kuiper belt objects should be considered planets or whether instead Pluto should be reclassified as a minor planet has not yet been resolved.\n\nSedna is described as a cold planetoid, perhaps as large as two-thirds the size of Pluto. Sedna, the newly discovered Pluto-like object with a gigantic, highly elliptical 10,500-year orbit that takes it from about 76 to 928 AU, has too distant a perihelion to be a scattered member of the Kuiper Belt and could be the first in an entirely new population. 2000 CR105 is also believed to be a member of this population.
Not a test. Not a rehearsal. This is your only shot. Make it count.
I am not sure what question you are really asking...\nThe American English morphed from British English, just ask in any language there a handful of dialects many times seperated by geographic regions and social class. (Chicago has 6 accents). So that is how Europeans can tell the difference, because your accent is not British. \n\nYou DO have an accent- even as one poster said, it could be the "non-regional"/media accent. People with a good ear for languages and dialects (usually people who are multilingual) can detect accents easier than others who are monolingual. \n\nIt also could be that you developed more of your accent of your native region since you left. For some reason, I have noticed this phenomenon with a lot of Americans after living abroad for some years. For example, I grew up in the midwest, but nobody ever believed me because they said I didn't sound like it- but the longer I have lived away from the midwest I have noticed that I sound REALLY midwestern without hearing it at all!\n\nAlso, Europeans can spot Americans a mile away... it's the way we carry ourselves-- we smile a lot more and speak louder in public and often all they have to do is look at your clothes or your feet to know.
Whatever I wanted to do - I'd have the most fun ever.  Loot shops, be naked a lot, drive whatever cars I wanted at whatever speed I liked, wander the planet like something out of a movie wearing a leather trench-coat with a shotgun in hand and a katana strapped to my back, just spend a lot of time doing the things I can't do now because of other people.  \nAnd when the novelty of all that eventually wears off I would succumb to the depression bought on by being totally alone and kill myself.  After all, what's the point in being alive if there's no one else to share life with?
i cant dance with nutgrabbers...so definitely a bunnie
The one who posted the question
the only thing i've heard about her having was a boob job.
The grouping of terms here is ambiguous. I added parentheses to show the grouping I assumed.\n\n(a) (1/3)X + 1 = -7\n(1/3)X = -8\nX = -3 x 8 = -24\nX = -24\n\n(b) [(X-3)/3] - 4 = X - 2 \n(X-3)/3 = X + 2\nX-3 = 3X + 6\n2X = -9\nX = -9/2 = -4.5\nX = -4.5
you will have to get a form from the inland revenue  and fill it in to declare that you are going self employed..\n\nyou can do your own books or get a chartered accountant\n\nbut you will have \nto keep work books.and keep all reciepts for expenses    ...e.g   fuel  and any outgoings...\ngood luck..
Okay, everybody answered the obvious one, but here are all (well most) of the collegiate degrees avaliable and their meanings:\nAA= Associate of the Arts\nAS= Associate of Science\nBA= Bachelor of Arts\nBS= Bachelor of Science\nMA= Master of the Arts\nMS= Master of the Sciences\nMBA= Master of business Administration\nMFA= Master of Fine Arts\nMDiv= Master of Divinity\nMEd= Master of Education\nPhD= Doctor of Philosophy\nJD= Juris Doctorate\nMD= Medical Doctor\nDVM= Doctor of Vetrinary Medicine
Use the Internet or this Yahoo!Answer :D Good luck to you!
Your local news site.
if the ovaries are not removed ,you will not get flashes.my wife did the ops 7 years back when she was 44.she is absoulutly normal since then
3.1415926535 8979323846 2643383279 5028841971 6939937510 5820974944 5923078164 0628620899 8628034825 3421170679 8214808651 3282306647 0938446095 5058223172 5359408128 4811174502 8410270193 8521105559 6446229489 5493038196 4428810975 6659334461 2847564823 3786783165 2712019091 4564856692 3460348610 4543266482 1339360726 0249141273 7245870066 0631558817 4881520920 9628292540 9171536436 7892590360 0113305305 4882046652 1384146951 9415116094 3305727036 5759591953 0921861173 8193261179 3105118548 0744623799 6274956735 1885752724 8912279381 8301194912 9833673362 4406566430 8602139494 6395224737 1907021798 6094370277 0539217176 2931767523 8467481846 7669405132 0005681271 4526356082 7785771342 7577896091 7363717872 1468440901 2249534301 4654958537 1050792279 6892589235 4201995611 2129021960 8640344181 5981362977 4771309960 5187072113 4999999837 2978049951 0597317328 1609631859 5024459455 3469083026 4252230825 3344685035 2619311881 7101000313 7838752886 5875332083 8142061717 7669147303 5982534904 2875546873 1159562863 8823537875 9375195778 1857780532 1712268066 1300192787 6611195909 2164201989
i dunno about the usa try somalia
Aston Villa ,I know i have nothing to shout about. \nTerrible this season
Yes, you can request that a Credit Reporting Agency add a supplement to your credit.  This will not help your score, but it does allow those who run your credit see your explanation for the default.  I am not sure of exactly how each company handles these requests, but if you report it to only one agency, then only one agency is responsible for attaching it to your credit.  They do have to attach the supplement but you may incur a small fee, since it is not a part of your actual report.  When in doubt just give them a call.  Look below for the 3 major CRAs and contact info.
Digital Subscriber Line, or DSL, is a family of technologies that provide digital data transmission over the wires used in the "last mile" of a local telephone network. Typically, the download speed of DSL ranges from 128 kilobits per second (kbit/s) to 24,000 kbit/s depending on DSL technology and service level implemented. Upload speed is lower than download speed for ADSL and symmetrical for SDSL.\n\nA leased line is a (usually) symmetric telecommunications line connecting two locations together. Unlike traditional PSTN lines they do not have a telephone number, each side of the line being permanently connected to the other. They can be used for telephone, data or Internet services.
1. Ask the principle\n2. Wait for the report card\n3.Hide under the bed for 40 days and then come back out. Results should be out by then.
i hope so - don't support them but like them
Nothings impossible in todays world...
Relax, probably stress, try meditation, yoga or even Thai Chi, whatever feels good......don't give up after a week !
alone in my room fingering myself and fantasizing someone i really want to have sex w/.awesome!
LOL.. Interesting question... \n\nLet your 9 yr old know that I have indeed seen squirrels go to the bathroom, per se.  \n\nI have a group that have become so used to me that they actually come up to my slider, stand on their back feet and press their front feet to the glass , as if to say  " hey. lady ! Where are the peanuts !?!? ( I have to throw them out one at a time, through a tiny crack in the door, or the little twits would charge into my livingroom)\n\nANYWAY... Once they are done chasing each other, running away and planting said peanuts and drinking the fresh water, they *ahem* use my potted plants as their litter box.... *shakes head and rolls eyes*  \n\nSo yes Virginia, they do go to the bathroom... :)
type "yahoo" and press ctrl+enter\n\nOR keep ur windows settings to remember the site pages so when u type "y" it displays yahoo in the drop down list box
Día de los Muertos (Day of the Dead)
I know a kid with Aspergers, he's quite sweet and definitely a bit strange. He can get on your nerves, but he seemed to deal with life in his stride. Anyway, I don't believe a layman or a doctor who doesn't know Asperger syndrome could diagnose it. I have know quite some weird kids, but weird is a wide field. I think all you'll do if you self-diagnose is fool yourself. It's way too difficult to figure out easily on your own, so don't do the kid a diservice by self-diagnosis. \nGo look for a qualified doctor,look for a self-help group of parents, they would be the people to talk to. Good luck.\n\nHere's a short description of Asperger kids (for more, check out the link): \nThey have ..."marked deficiencies in social skills, have difficulties with transitions or changes and prefer sameness. They often have obsessive routines and may be preoccupied with a particular subject of interest. They have a great deal of difficulty reading nonverbal cues (body language) and very often the individual with AS has difficulty determining proper body space. Often overly sensitive to sounds, tastes, smells, and sights, the person with AS may prefer soft clothing, certain foods, and be bothered by sounds or lights no one else seems to hear or see. It's important to remember that the person with AS perceives the world very differently. Therefore, many behaviors that seem odd or unusual are due to those neurological differences and not the result of intentional rudeness or bad behavior...\nBy definition, those with AS have a normal IQ and many individuals (although not all), exhibit exceptional skill or talent in a specific area. Because of their high degree of functionality and their naiveté, those with AS are often viewed as eccentric or odd and can easily become victims of teasing and bullying. While language development seems, on the surface, normal, individuals with AS often have deficits in pragmatics... Vocabularies may be extraordinarily rich and some children sound like "little professors." However, persons with AS can be extremely literal and have difficulty using language in a social context.
Tricky Dick\n\n(I have a top-secret way to get us out of Vietnam that I can't tell you about until after I'm re-elected)
CHRIS BROWN, hands down\nhave you seen that boy move?, mmmmm...\nand usher is not hot\nmaybe if you put a bag over his head
Non-portable computers (i.e. Desktop Computers) will always beat laptops in performance. First, laptops have short limited power time duration and then laptops ain't good to be used as Network Servers.
Steal his wallet, works for me.
Go with your gut on this one.  \nI say it's very inappropriate.  Even if this relationship is purely friendship it is definitely crosses some boundrys.  Also, if his actions are making you feel bad or insecure he should put an end to whatever it is that makes you feel that way.  YOU should be his number one priority - not his so called "freedom" to go off buying other woman gifts!\nP.S.  You are NOT being silly your emotions are yours and are there for a reason, don't deny that, don't deny yourself!
This is not your fault. Better communication about likes and dislikes helps, but ultimately, it's up to the female. It's always beeen sociaaly acceptable for a guy to have and enjoy sex. It's not so much with the female. Our body image, past trauma, fear of being caught, inability to REALLY let loose and enjoy the act, etc. can hinder any possibility of orgasm.\nPersonally, i couldn't if I am not in love with a guy. It's true. the berst sex for me is with the man (my man) I am head over heels for. I do have to say though, that I agree with the "getting her (close to) drunk".
Land between the lakes. And lake barkely. You should also try turkey bay if your interested in ATVs and dirt bikeing. You can rent them there also
no
Open the html file in Notepad, click where you want the current date and press F5 to insert date and time there
It depends on how long his A school is going to be. \nMy ex was in A school for nearly two years, (during which we were going to be married), and we would have had base housing. (Thankfully that relationship didn't work out). \n\nMy hubby now is in also in the Navy..must be the uniforms, lol. From my knowledge, you can visit anytime you want. Check to see what his base offers. There should be a Navy Lodge there (although it does cost money per night, but has discounts on weeks), or maybe some temporary apartments to house family members when they visit. Also, you might be able to stay with him in the barracks since your married, however, that all depends on how strict his BPO is (Building Petty Officer). \n\nThis part doesn't pertain to your question. Since you are marrying a Navy guy, I suggest getting involved with some of the support groups they have at his base for Navy wives, and checking thing out on line. Get all the information out there that you can. This is something I should have done, but I didn't. Now that he's out on cruise, I regret it. It's a tuff life, and the long seperations totally suck, so prepare yourself for it ahead of time, and make sure you have a good support system in place. \nHere's a site I really like:\nhttp://www.military.org\nThey have a part under Navy for spouses. \n\nI wish you the best of luck and much happiness in life. If you have anymore questions about it, I'd more than happy to answer you the best I can. Just contact me through my profile.
Took this girl out on a Cigarette boat to an Island 5 miles from shore, we had dinner on the Island and watched the sun set. We spent the night on the boat and then spent the next day boating. It was a 30 hour date. Great time.
21/25\nConvert the proper fractions into improper fractions:  7/5 and 5/3.  Then you take the reciprocal of the second term (5/3) - 3/5.  So it becomes 7/5 * 3/5 = 21/25
A mean is the summation of all numbers divided by the quantity of integers.\n\nIn this case it's \n5+3125=3130\n3130/2=1565
limewire
I love them both! South park is funnier, but I get more excited when King of the Hill comes on. I haven't figured out why yet.
Definately on the bus. People really freak out, it is "intense"
I don't know the exact number, but it was certified Platinum by the RIAA (Recording Industry Association of America) in November of '97. \n\n"Platinum" = 1,000,000 (1 million) copies sold in the US. \n \nIt never reached "Platinum X2", meaning it never reached 2 million copies. \n\nSomewhere in between 1 and 2 million copies. That's the best answer I've got. \n\nDamn, now I want to know the exact number...
my parrot.
NO!u will end up the bad guy.best u can do is try talking 2 them seperately but if this is the way they have been 4 years it probably will not change anything.I have a sister who has been in a abusive relationship 4 over 30 years everything we did 2 help her only caused her 2 stop talking 2 the family an cause a really wide gap between us.I actually stuck up 4 her and beat the crap out of him.she has not spoken 2 be in 10 years.
I mean... they could retaliate... but I would rather them retaliate for killing him (which would probably be something minor and small, because I don't think they have the funding without him)... than let him plan a large scale attack (which he is obviously capable of)\n\nIf we do take him out... I think it will help... I think he's the lynchpin that holds it together... he has access to billions of saudi dollars that fund the opperation... I don't think many terrorists have his royal ties...
Not sure about that one but if i was a pair of scissors i'd probably call myself jonothan
umm...one of my friends has a faster internet than me, like the calble thing or something and I have dial-up...I don't like to let her on here because she gets frustrated and bangs stuff around because mine is a little slower than she's used to...so I let her use it but I have to watch her...
you need to go to call set up in your settings. make sure your speakers are on and set the ring type. Just look good through all the settings on your i.m. and you will see it. then you can even listen to the ring you have selected and hear the volume. if you don't answer it after so many rings it goes to your voice mail. just as your home phone.
Land and water. And clouds, too.
No, a country would have to be stupid to let that many people cross their borders and drain their resources.
It is 0.25.  You can look at this in a number of ways.\n\nP(Head 1st and Head 2nd) = P(Head 1st)P(Head 2nd) since coin flips are independent.\n= 0.5*0.5\n\nor you can list out all possible outcomes.\n\nHH\nHT\nTH\nTT\n\nSince each of these are equally likely, then the probability is 1/4.\n\nSo anybody above who said that is correct.
I hate them! Whoo-hoo!!! Go Us! lol.
That is an EXCELLENT question!  Ethanol is the fuel of the future for the US.  So how can we invest??  I'd like to know the answer as well!\nI know a good place for info is http://www.e85fuel.com/.  I'll try to get more info. \nI'm on the trail...\n------------------------------------------\nOne company is Pacific Ethanol Inc http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=PEIX\nIt looks like it actually hasnt been doing as well recently.\n------------------------------------------\nThe leader in ethanol is Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. (NYSE:ADM)\n\nOthers include Deere (NYSE:DE), \nAndersons (Nasdaq: ANDE)\nAGCO (NYSE:AG)\nVeraSun (going public SOON! NYSE:VSE)\n\nCheck out the links below.....
I really don't think its fair unless there is a jury of people who love being on a jury and really want to find out the truth, otherwise they just look at the evidence at hand and automaticly assume that they some one is guilty or innocent with out even considering it because alot of people are lazy that way.
liquidity\n\nIt's good for emergency funds.
because US thinks their the most powerful country in the whole wide world
No.  Yeah, they proved they are a pain in the butt and that they demand rights that us citizens have and have earned which they have not.  Go back to Mexico, and come in legally.
Although you may be nervous, you need to just buck up and go see a doctor.  Remember, this is what they went to school before and they have seen hundreds of other girls just like you.  It could be something as minor as a yeast infection, or it could be a STD or other infection that could leave you infertile or cause other permanent damage.  Trust me, we have all been there at one point, but you need to put your health and well-being over your nervousness.
I travelled and then I didn't have the patience to stay in one place to study - cos I caught the travel bug - wouldn't change it for the world though - also be careful of falling in love while at uni and then not getting round to fullfilling your dreams!
Water does not kill sperm but if it is under a certain TEMPERATURE then the sperm will not be able to live and will die.
yes, and its a pretty gruesome process.  they don't do it in a hospital, they do it in a tent.  the surgical tool of choice?  an old rusty razor blade.\n\nFemale Genital Mutilation (FGM) is an invasive and painful surgical procedure that is usually performed without anesthetic on girls before puberty. There are about 100 to 140 million women who have been circumcised. An average of about four girls a minute continue to be mutilated. Their clitoris is partially or completely removed. This inhibits or terminates sexual feelings. It has been a social custom in Northern Africa for many centuries. \n\nMany people link FGM with the religion of Islam. Actually, it is a social custom that is practiced by Animists, Christians, and Muslims in those countries where FGM is common. There are many Muslim countries in which the mutilation is unknown.\n\nFGM is occasionally performed in North America on girls of families have immigrated from countries where FGM is common. An analogous practice, Intersexual Genital Mutilation, (IGM) is sometimes performed on intersexual infants born with ambiguous genitalia\n\ngoogle it----
The show "Girlfriends", will move to The CW beginning with the 2006-2007 season after UPN ceases operations.\n\nThe CW is the merging of UPN and WB.
Moncton 2006\n\nPARTICIPANTS:\nPeterborough Petes\nQuebec Remparts\nVancouver Giants\nMoncton Wildcats (host)
The leader in this space is Nielson Media Research - You'll find all the answers on their site including how they measure their audience, how they sign people up (random sample), etc.\n\nhttp://www.nielsenmedia.com/nc/portal/site/Public/menuitem.3437240b94cacebc3a81e810d8a062a0/?vgnextoid=130547f8b5264010VgnVCM100000880a260aRCRD
bearshare.com u get them 4 free
Scroll to the bottom of the page and click the "Tell us what you think" link. There you can summit ideas and comments on this site.
Did you know he smoked weed when you first started going out with him? You probably have no right to expect him to change for you if you knew the situation up front. Only you can decide if you'll accept the behavior or walk away. This is not anything against you - the guy simply likes getting high!
Well, just like any other address - you start by getting the address of the location you want to show how to get to.\n\nThen, you need to either draw the mape by hand, or find a website that will create the map for you.\n\nSome sites might have copyright restrictions on the maps you create them - but they will generally provide a command you can use to email the map and/or get a ilnk (URL) to the map.\n\nYahoo and Google both have pretty nice-looking mapping sites.\n\nInkscape is a free, open source graphics-drawing software application that lets you save the artwork/sketches/diagrams you create with it in SVG format.\n\nFirefox 1.5 and later can display SVG graphics directly in the browser, without the need to convert them to another format like JPG, GIF, or PNG.  These other formats are all bitmapped, and can be large in some cases.  By contrast, SVG files, unless they contain unusually high number of details are usually small.  So SVG files, in general, download and render quickly.\n\nLast time I checked Thunderbird 1.5 (the sister program to Firefox for handleing email could not directly display SVG, but this may change).\n\nIn a short while, just about every popular program that can support graphics will probably support the SVG file format.  While GIF and those are fine for paint programs, SVG is much better for drawing programs. Editing an SVG based srawing is fun, easy, and natural.  With GIF and the like, once you put a line into the document - you cannot move or reformat it.\n\nYour easiest option is to use a website to lookup the map.  If you are really artistic and like computers, you might want to try your hand with Inkscape and have a little fun. You will need to convert to GIF or JPEG afterward to emali your drawing when you are done.
"Son of man, speak to your countrymen and say to them: 'When I bring the sword against a land, and the people of the land choose one of their men and make him their watchman,  and he sees the sword coming against the land and blows the trumpet to warn the people,  then if anyone hears the trumpet but does not take warning and the sword comes and takes his life, his blood will be on his own head.  Since he heard the sound of the trumpet but did not take warning, his blood will be on his own head. If he had taken warning, he would have saved himself.  But if the watchman sees the sword coming and does not blow the trumpet to warn the people and the sword comes and takes the life of one of them, that man will be taken away because of his sin, but I will hold the watchman accountable for his blood.'  Ezekiel 33:2-6\nGood job buddy33, keep up the good work.  Further the kingdom.
If I remember correctly from my highschool english class...he wasnt all that liked in his era. Many writers thought his works to be out there and thought he was really mental for writing what he did. Im sure if you just look up a bio on him that information will be in there.
Your best bet would be to go to www.imdb.com and look up whatever show it is you're looking for.  To test it I typed in harvy birdman, simpsons, and muppet babies (haha, thought I'd go for something I didn't think I'd find, but amazingly I did).  So if I could find info for those 3, I'm sure you can find info on the voices of the characters, as long as it's probably not too new.  Hope that helps.
Your mind is closed. Thank God that we have been tough on terrorists. They would scream with delight if you died a horrible, screaming death. You totally misapprehend the reality of man's basic instincts. You need to study the history of totalitatian regimes and stop being a mindless shill for Teddy Kennedy. I expect you aren't related to Mary Jo Kopeckni.
Try this: http://celebs.ceeby.com/actresses/AishwaryaRai.cfm
I THINK YOU'RE WRONG.  A TRUE RIGHT WING WACKO NEOCON WOULD LOOK LIKE PICTURE C.
The Pistons give every team they play charity. Don't hate on our team! People forget that the NBA are considered a corporation! Big business! Commercials! We have to lose some games so that people will continue to watch! Last night was suppose to be a shock! The Pistons will take it in seven!
I'm 16 4ft 11in never had a boyfriend but I get asked a lot my secret is not to want them act like you don't need them guys will be here for the rest of our lives we may want them now but they will come in time I promise just keep your cool!!!!
There's the Facial Feedback Hypothesis which basically says that when you laugh naturally you use the orbicularis oculi  and zygomatic muscles (a fake laugh just uses the the zygomatic muscles). When you laugh, the muscles are stimulated and it sends feedback to you're brain where it will make a physiological change, such as produce more (or less)  neurotransmitters.
This really depends on the person.  You may be lactose intolerant, then try mixing the shake with soy milk.  If you feel nauseous after taking the supplements, try "Herbal Aloe Drink".  Consult with your distributor, or print out the product label for the products and show the ingredient list to your physician.  Herbalife products are dietary supplements and are not medicine (not intended to cure or treat any disease).
rub the head.. with some olive oil
Wow, great questions. The answer is very complicated as each company has their own process. I personal worked with natural products. As a makeup artist I bought products from natural companies that used petroml., henna and other items. So there was little processes to it all.
Have everyone come as a  member of their favorite band from the 80's....Think Twisted Sister, Motely Crue....
wisecracks
What exactly is this?  Is it reading pictures?
YES! \nAt least we can have some one to put the blame on.
You my dear friend are off your rocker, thiking of Nazi tactics like the Final Solution. \n\n\nI am not a Greaser, but do sympathize with them if you have neo Nazi nerds and as.sholes with ideas such as yours.\n\nI wonder if the original native Americans (Red Injuns as you called em) had a say in the matter when the whites from across the ocean invaded their country and all but exterminated them.\n\nYou, dear person are also a descendant of immigrants yourself, I'm sure, as are most of the white and black American folks replying to you, unless you are of Native American descent (which I am sure you would not be proud to proclaim, if you were). Even the guys who came over on the Mayfair, they initiated the unjustness by being the harbingers of terror that culminated in the annihilation of native Americans\n\nI wonder when the Caucasian will ever get over the white 'massa' superiority complex?\n\n\nAmerica has been drawing people from all over the world, right from the days of it's discovery as a land with the fabled pot of gold at the end of a rainbow. Give it some more time, you'll end up with an exodus of people, as is happening among the immigrants from India which is gaining from the Brain Gain as opposed to the earlier brain drain.\n\nI remember when my cousin migrated to the US in the seventies, people had similar complaints about the Indians.\n\nTh reverse is happening now, a number of western countries have their top people insisting on an India stint, and the Indians, well they wanna come back to their roots.
--- Got this from one of the sites ---\nWell Penguins! It's been 5 years since the first Penguin Chat. Ever since we launched the first Penguin Chat, I have had a dream to create a safe, virtual world where children can play games,\nhave fun and interact. Now we are very proud to announce the release of Club Penguin.\n\nEach player chooses a penguin, gives it an identity and explores Club Penguin, interacting with other penguins by chatting, text messaging, playing games, sending greeting cards, or using emotes (emotion icons) and actions (ie. wave, dance, sit, walk or throw a snowball).\n\nBy helping other participants and playing games, players earn virtual coins that allow them to buy clothing and accessories for their penguin or furniture for their igloo.\n\nEnjoy!\n\nPlease visit the new Club Penguin website for all the latest news.\nhttp://www.clubpenguin.com/\n\nPlease Note: Penguin Chat 3 will go offline on Friday, October 28, 2005.\nPosted by rsnail at 12:13 PM | Link | Comments (158)  \n\nOctober 18, 2005
Apparently there is no official rule regarding when a half swing is considered a full swing (strike) (www.baseball-almanac.com).\n\nThe site below mentions that this ruling is completely up to the discretion of the umpire. Generally, factors such as whether the bat passes the front of the plate or the batter pulls his wrists back are considered in making this decision. \n\nI hope this helps!
From you: to each the Mom, MIL and the wife something luxurious that they would never buy for themselves.  A Spa day at a luxurious spa? If they are friendly, maybe they cold all go together and have a day with the "girls". But, do not give exactly the same thing to each. Make each one special in some way.  Make your wife's gift the most elaborate. Your Mother's next most elaborate, then your MIL's.  But don't make any one look "chintzy" or cheap next to the others.\n\nI am a firm believer in kids creating their own gifts, and discouraging store bought gifts from kids.  I think having them think they must buy something leads to feelings of inadequacy and to expecting others to take responsibility for their gift giving for them.    Little kids can color and create beautiful cards, and pictures, make clay hand-prints. or take pictures of themselves and mount them on thin Styrofoam and a base so they stand up.  Mom's and G-mom's love this stuff that just can't be bought at the store.  Breakfast in bed is always a good thing for the wife. The kids can help make simple foods and carry it to her and all snuggle around her while wishing her a Happy Mother's Day. Special Dinner out a favorite restaurants could be good, either all at once or a special night out for you and the Wife.  It all just depends on your family dynamics and finances.
People can't afford to buy stuff anymore.  Companies that make stuff have to lay off all their workers.  Factories that have already laid off all their workers can't meet minimum order requirements to get the stuff from China.  Then they go out of business.  Then the banks fail.
The late Pope John Paul II.
actually, if he signed a lease that is good until 2007 he may actually have to pay your moving costs and pay you for the rest of the lease may/june until january 2007. get in touch with you local housing authority or rental authority group in your county. you can probably get the number from the local goverment pages in your local phone book.
ARGENTINA, led by Diego Armando Maradona. They beat West Germany 3-2 with goals from: Brown (ARG) 23', Valdano (ARG) 55', Rummenigge (WG) 74', Völler (WG) 80', Burruchaga (ARG) 83'. It was their second title.
yes,infants of HIV+mothers are at risk of developing aids. it depends on\n1.stage of patient\n2. has she been given anti-retro-viral therapy or not.\n\nmax. chances are at time of delivery-when mixing of blood occurs. it can also be acquired by breast feeding.\nit cannot be detected by normal methods until 18 months of age. you have to do HIV -pcr before 18 months to confirm and later the conventional methods 'll do.
Strange question.\n\nThey all do.\n\nJust remember that their job is to get a politician elected. This can mean that they will often suggest the most popular answer to an issue rather than the most effective.
Endocrinologists are the doctors who would have the most specific knowledge about diabetes.
I dont think theres a rule against it, but in order to become a coach in the NFL, you have to have a tremendous knowledge of the game. This usually steams from playing experience. I dont know if you have playing experience, but unless you do or will, getting a coaching job is extremely unlikely. But, hey, if you really think you can do it, go for it. Theres always a chance. You better be prepared, because a woman coach wont be well accepted by the NFL community. Theres never been a woman coach, but maybe you can be the first.
in addition to the above answers, shyness or self-consciousness (which i don't fully buy...it seems if you're comfortable enough to get naked in front of someone, you might as well enjoy it...but what the heck, let 'em have it), and not so fresh, it is also possible that she has a traumatic memory associated with it.  for example, i am with a girl who was molested that way at a very young age and she prefers not to have it done because it reminds her of being molested.  \n\nas time has gone on in our relationship, she has agreed to let me do it, and now trusts me fully to do it.  you should be patient. explain how much you enjoy it. tell her how hot she is and how beautiful she is. ask her why she doesn't want it. and tell her you can wait as long as she needs to until she is comfortable in your relationship.  it will pay off in the end.\n\nP.S. does anybody else get the feeling that dreamon is lowsy in bed?  sorry dreamon, hope the best for you girl!
At 15 it's hard to find a good paying job?????????  You have to start at the bottom and work your way up!!!!!!!!!!!\nYou should find something you like to do & work your way up..\nIf you like what your doing your day will go fast........  On the other hand if you hate your job 8 hours will feel like a week!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10
I agree that formulas are important and that you also need to know how to use them. Ideally you should learn the formulas and do practice problems that are like the ones that might be on the test. Also, online resources help if your notes aren't good or if you don't have any. I don't know what level of math you are taking, but here is a site that has links to study guides for many different levels of math. Good Luck!!!
I would say that since either way you're going to learn the information, it would come down to a matter of cost. Would it cost you more to take the course at ITTech or at the jr. college. I'd pick the cheaper of the two, since either way you'll learn the .Net frame work.
I had mine out a couple of years ago. I didn't have a choice on it. My condition was a life or death situation. Please take this into consideration when making that decision: My gall bladder was so severely inflamed it infected my liver and pancreas which left me with pancreatitis. So far my liver seems to have recovered ok. I was incorrectly diagnosed twice before I ended up in the emergency room near death. \n\nThe negative for having it removed is that you have to watch your diet. There are many things that we are not supposed to eat. \n\nThe big positive is vacation from school or work!!!\n\nWhat ever you choose good luck.
It's "Into the Void".
Perhaps you have sleep apnea or some other sleeping or breathing disorder.  Consult your doctor and they can run some tests to find out.\n\n\n\n\n\nSleep apnea (alternatively sleep apnoea) is a common sleep disorder characterized by brief interruptions of breathing during sleep. These episodes, called apneas, last 10 seconds or more and occur repeatedly throughout the night. People with sleep apnea partially awaken as they struggle to breathe, but in the morning they may not be aware of the disturbances in their sleep.\n\nThe most common type of sleep apnea is obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), caused by relaxation of soft tissue in the back of the throat that blocks the passage of air. \nCentral sleep apnea (CSA) is caused by irregularities in the brain’s normal signals to breathe. \n\n\nSymptoms\nThe hallmark symptom of the disorder is excessive daytime sleepiness. Additional symptoms of sleep apnea include restless sleep, loud snoring (with periods of silence followed by gasps), falling asleep during the day, morning headaches, trouble concentrating, irritability, forgetfulness, mood or behavior changes, weight gain, increased heart rate, anxiety, and depression. Obstructive Sleep Apnea is more likely to occur in men than in women, and in people who are overweight or obese.\n\n[edit]\nHistory\nConsidering how common a condition it is, it is remarkable that the first reports of what is now called obstructive sleep apnea date only from 1965 when it was independently described by French and German investigators. The term “Pickwickian syndrome”, inspired by Charles Dickens' account in The Pickwick Papers of Joe, the fat boy, has been used in medicine to describe various conditions associated with obesity, excessive appetite and sleepiness and it was once presumed to be due to an endocrine problem. “Pickwickian syndrome” soon became the descriptor for the newly identified disorder but as more cases were recognized it became clear that neither obesity nor somnolence were necessarily present. “Pickwickian” was later reserved for “the obesity-hypoventilation syndrome” and today the term is best avoided because of its ill-defined meaning.\n\nThe early reports of sleep apnea described individuals who were very severely affected, often presenting with severe hypoxemia, hypercapnia and congestive heart failure. Tracheostomy was the recommended treatment and, though it could be life-saving, post-operative complications in the stoma were frequent in these very obese and short-necked individuals.\n\nThe management of obstructive sleep apnea was revolutionized with the introduction of continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP), first described in 1981 by Colin Sullivan and associates in Sydney, Australia. The first models were bulky and noisy but the design was rapidly improved and by the late 1980s CPAP was widely adopted. The availability of an effective treatment stimulated an aggressive search for affected individuals and led to the establishment of hundreds of specialized clinics dedicated to the diagnosis and treatment of sleep disorders. Though many types of sleep problems are recognized, the vast majority of patients attending these centers have sleep disordered breathing.\n\n[edit]\nObstructive sleep apnea (OSA)\n \nTwo minute epoch representing continuous OSA. Click on this image for larger version.Most people with sleep apnea have obstructive apnea, in which the person stops breathing during sleep due to airway blockage. Sufferers usually resume breathing within a few seconds, but periods of as long as sixty seconds are not uncommon in serious cases. It is more common amongst people who snore, who are obese, who consume alcohol, or who have anatomical abnormalities of the jaw or soft palate. However, atypical cases do occur, and the condition should not be ruled out unilaterally merely because the patient does not fit the profile.\n\n"OSA" is caused by the relaxation of the muscles in the airway durin
No!  I've never heard that before. in four years of dental school and countless continuing education seminars. \n\nAbsalutely not, \nBrushing generates saliva and rinsing,  all this activity in your mouth can only help dilute the sugars, and the fluoride\nwill integrate with the enamel even more after a meal.  \n\ncan't get into specifics without regurgitating the first year tooth chemistry, but please ya gots ta believe me.  that is not true. \n\nNow go brush yer teeth
MAY 23-26, 9A.M. TO 5P.M.
As I've responded to various similar questions, abortion was legalized solely to appease feminists. It was legalized by men, not man enough to tell feminists "Abortion is murder, no matter how many bras you burn!"\n\nAbortion is nothing short of women murdering children for the sake of "empowerment" and "liberation". It is supported by feminists trying to free themselves from their God given natures. Women offended by being the child-bearer and nurturer. It is supported by feminists who want to be sexual whores, like men, and kill the children. Claiming, the child was conceived in accident, as if they aren't aware that sex is procriation.\n\nAbortion is also held dear by feminists for competition's sake. Feminists know, if the mothers of the, estimated, 1.2 million babies killed anually, in the US alone, were not allowed to abort, woman in the work force would be few. Such an insentive is nothing short of barbaric. Women using murder to compete in the work force, is no different than white, rich, men taking advantage of others for their selfish gain.\n\nThe only truth abortion has proved, is that woman can be just as careless, and selfish as any male "oppressor".\n\nAlso, I do not support abortion in any situation. Including rape or incest. Murder is murder, no matter the inspiration. Pro-lifers often say they would support abortion in the cases of rape and incest in fear of sounding callous. However, morality and justice can not be compramised. The value of a human life can not be compramised. Fear can not cause those who stand for justice to compramise.
An open-minded question.\n\nYes, putting billions of years as an estimated date on the formation of the Universe is "jumping to conclusions." That's what scientists do. They look at the evidence, and draw conclusions. It is not "jumping" in the sense that they are doing so without weighing any or all evidence. But it is weighing *all the evidence we have available*. If some new evidence presents itself, then absolutely YES, scientists will re-examine their conclusions. That's what they do. They LOVE doing that. They give out Nobel prizes and professorships and big raises for doing that (re-examining conclusions based on new evidence).\n\nYes, according to Einstein (and others), time is very flexible. And according to Hawking (and others), the structure of time in the early moments of the universe was very different than it is now. But they gave precise equations that describe the limits of this flexibility and early strangeness. Time is flexible, but not completely whacked. Based on *what we know so far* about the speed of light, and what we see in telescopes, etc. etc. scientists estimate that the universe is about 13.7 billion years old. It may be as young as 10 billion years, or as old as 20 billion. But any theory about physics that place the age as low as, say, 1 billion years would have *huge* problems with the current evidence ... e.g. we have rocks and fossils on the Earth that are older than that. A theory that places the age at 1 million years has to contend with evidence that we have found man-made stone tools older than that. And a theory that reaches the conclusion of 100,000 years would have much more fossil evidence, and archaeological artifacts to contend with, plus the fact that our galaxy alone is more than 100,000 light-years across. But a contention that the universe (or even the earth, or even the human species) came into being less than 10,000 years ago, is beyond problematic. It is an insult to even call it a scientific theory.\n\nNow ... it is *possible* that some evidence might arise tomorrow in some journal that describes some enormous time dilation that has fooled us into seeing 10-thousand years as 10-billion. But until then, scientists have to go on what evidence they have.\n\nAnd by the way, scientists do *not* say that "atoms got together magically." The word "magically" does not appear in science. They have theories, based on what we know about subatomic physics, and based on *evidence* of how atoms form in extremely high-energy conditions (evidence gathered in those particle accelerators) that mimic what may have been the first micro-seconds of the Universe. What they don't know, they admit they don't know ... such as what happened in the first trillionths of a second of the univese. But they keep looking.\n\nTo answer your question ... "Science can afford to be wrong?" The answer is Yes! Absolutely! The history of science is preciesly about giving "an actual picture of the Universe that would be found wrong", and then fixing that picture. Over and over. Better and better. That's what scientists do. That is one path (but not the only path) to Truth.
Yes, it's so irritating!
Build the facility in a way that you'd want it to be built if you were the one who was going to have to work or live there.  Don't skimp or do shoddy work, serve the clients with a smile. . . that sort of thing.  Manage it in the same way.  Jesus said to love God with all your heart, and your neighbors just like yourself.  Apply that simple rule to any choice you need to make when building or managing the facility, and you'll make the right choice.  God never makes it difficult to know how to serve Him.
all of the above!!
Before going to bed try swabbing with hydrogen peroxide, let it dry then put on a little bit of antibiotic ointment, If it's still red in the morning, put a little dab of hydrocortizone cream. try that twice a day. usually works within 24 hrs. and the hydrocortizone cream at least makes the redness go away, so it's less visible until the antibiotic ointment works.\nAlso, i use tea tree oil and it's gone in about 5 hrs.\nyou can buy all thos products over the counter. try health food store for tea tree oil.\ngood luck.
Greece and its too hot
Nope. I look terrible on camera.
One place for one stop web surfing - YAHOO.COM!\n\n* It's impossible to list ALL the web site names.
boiling \nbreezy \nbroken \nbumpy \nchilly \ncold \ncool \ncreepy \ncrooked \ncuddly \ncurly \ndamaged \ndamp \ndirty \ndry \ndusty \nfilthy \nflaky \nfluffy \nwet \n broad \nchubby \ncrooked \ncurved \ndeep \nflat \nhigh \nhollow \nlow \nnarrow \nround \nshallow \nskinny \nsquare \nsteep \nstraight \nwide
Newts are one type of salamander.  They are tailed amphibians that live in or near water.  They are members of the Family Salamandridae (the 'true' salamanders and newts), but there are three suborders and ten other families of salamanders as well.\n\nNewts are characterized by the lack of costal grooves down the sides of their bodies, which the other 'true' salamanders in their family have.\n\nSome salamanders in several of the families (especially Ambystomatidae - the mole salamanders) sometimes exhibit a developmental adaptation known as paedomorphosis, in which they retain certain juvenile characters into adulthood (a process also known as neoteny).  In the case of most salamanders, these juvenile characters are the gills that larval salamanders possess that allow them to breathe water.  In the presence of a stable, deep water body, some of the salamanders will keep their gills, and continue living underwater instead of moving to a potentially dangerous terrestrial existence.  These neotenous salamanders are known as axolotls.
Simple.. dont feel pressured to rush into things.. take your time to get to know one another.
ya i did n that is great n awesome as great is that jimmie johnson qualified 3rd sweet lol\nhave  a great day
I think he is just a largely built person.  He has a regimine of training at the Mavericks training facility and at American Airlines Center.
Quicktime plays .mov files\n\nwww.quicktime.com\n\nyou may also need the 3ivx codec.  this is DiVX for .mov files and can be found here\n\nwww.3ivx.com
I believe it is an offer that you make without seeing the inside.  In other words, you see the place from the curb, and make a bid for it.  Typical in places where you're buying a rental property and the owner doesn't want people traipsing through the place and upsetting the tenant unless they've already put the money on the table.
Time, friend...time.  It heals all wounds.
I think I was about 13....Lol! Im 21 now, and I havent forgotten about him....hehe, this question made me smile
If you are talking evolution....which I assume you are....I seem to remember hearing that humans first came from the water.\n\nThank you-drive thru!
I play softball, and I also love it!  But, I hate it when we're way worse than the other team and continuasly get beaten, or are way better than the other team and continuesly beat them.  I like it when we're even and have a challenge.  Also, it's a lot better playing with a team that has their head in the game and knows what they're doing!  If they don's, it's not as much fun, but still I"ll play!!!
There is no Biblical reference in the Gospels of Jesus approving of killing, even in self defence he points out it isn better to be hit again than to hit back.  \nIt seems completely against the teachings of Jesus to execute another person as it is fundamentally against the idea that a person can repent sins and be forgiven.  It is also against the idea of not seeking revenge - which is the main point of execution.  And it is against the idea of "do unto others as you would have them do unto you".
My atlas has Tashkent (Toshkent) as the capital, with the following towns/ cities also listed:\nNukus\nUrganch\nBuxoro\nNavoiy\nSamarqand\nQarshi\nTermiz\nJizzax\nAndijon\nFarg’ona\nNamangan
It is called diffusion.  Molecules of gas are in constant motion.  As they move further and further away from the central source, there concentration decreases, that is why the smell eventually goes away after the source is removed.
You can't press on the spinal cord.......it's inside the spinal column and totally protected by the bones in your spine.
Dumbo...First define what you mean by " OUR cricketers "
"Lonely No More"\n-Rob Thomas\n\nNow it seems to me \nThat you know just what to say \nBut words are only words \nCan you show me something else \n\nCan you swear to me that you’ll always be this way? \nShow me how you feel \nMore than ever baby \n\nWell I don’t want to be lonely no more \nI don’t want to have to pay for this \nI don’t want another lover at my door \nIt’s just another heartache on my list \n\nI don’t wanna be angry no more \nYou’re the one who could never stand for this \nSo when you tell me that you love me, know for sure \nI don’t wanna be lonely anymore \n\n\nOoooh Oooooh Oooooh Ooooh \nNow it’s hard for me \nWhen my heart’s still on the mend \nOpen up to me \nLike you do your girlfriends \nAnd you sing to me \nAnd it’s harmony \nGirl what you do to me is everything \nLet me say anything just to get you back again \nWhy can’t we just try? \n\n\nI don’t want to be lonely no more \nI don’t want to have to pay for this \nI don’t want another lover at my door \nIt’s just another heartache on my list \n\nI don’t wanna be angry no more \nYou’re the one who could never stand for this \nSo when you tell me that you love me, know for sure \nI don’t wanna be lonely anymore \n\n\nOoooh Oooooh Oooooh Ooooh \n\nWhat if I was good to you? \n\nWhat if you were good to me? \nWhat if I could hold you till I feel you move inside of me? \nWhat if it was paradise? \nWhat if we were symphonies? \nWhat if I gave all my life to find some way to stand beside you?\n\nI don’t want to be lonely no more \nI don’t want to have to pay for this \nI don’t want another lover at my door \nIt’s just another heartache on my list \n\nI don’t wanna be angry no more \nYou’re the one who could never stand for this \nSo when you tell me that you love me, know for sure \nI don’t wanna be lonely any more \n\nOoooh Oooooh Oooooh Ooooh \n\nI don’t wanna be lonely any more \nI don’t wanna be lonely no more \nI don’t wanna be lonely no more \nI don’t wanna be lonely any more
First off, distance is a measure of length. When you say that an object is 1 inch long, you are measuring the distance from one of it to the other.\n\nWhen you hear that a space object is X light years from earth, the X light years also represent distance, specifically the number of kilometers light will travel in that amount of time. Since light is so fast that it travels about 186,000 miles per second & since space is so large, it is more convenient to measure distance in space using the distance (the # of miles) light will travel in 1 year then multiply that by a number of years that will give you at least an estimate of how far that object is from earth.\n\nWhile distance is a measurement, displacement, on the other hand, is a rate. When you hear a car was going 100 miles an hour, that is a rate. A 100 miles between two given cities is just the distance between them. But travelling (on foot, on a bicycle, on a motorcycle, by car, by train, by boat, by plane or by any other means) X units of distance (10 kilometers, 300 miles, 50 yards, 2 inches etc.) in Y units of time (30 seconds, 4 minutes, 5 hours, 6 days, 9 weeks, 8 months, 2 years, 1 decade (= 10 years), 4 centuries (1 century = 100 years), or 3 millenia (1 millenium = 1000 years)) then that is a rate.\n\nDisplacement is a rate of change, not merely a ratio between two things, such as a ratio of distance to time.\nDisplacement indicates the change in position, relative to the point of origin & the destination.\n\nIn the example you provide, if Jill moves from point A to point B, then she has travelled a distance of X units, X being the length between them. If she moves from point A to point B then back, then she went back over the distance she already covered. So, in this example, her displacement is 0, because she went over the same length she already covered.\n\nAnother way to look at this is by using a boomerang as an example. If you throw a boomerang, it will always come back to you. Suppose you threw it & it travelled 10 feet then came back. It is said to have travelled 20 feet (10 one way & 10 on the way back) but to have a displacement of 0 because, relative to its starting position & its destination, it returned to the starting point & so it isn't considered to have shifted its position. The distance it travells is irrelevant.\n\nAnother way to look at it is if you go on a trip, say a 1-day fishing trip. Suppose you go to a lake that's 100 miles from where you live. You go there, you stop, you fish & do whatever, then return home. You travelled a total of 200 miles in that day. But, does that mean that just because you travelled those 200 miles then you moved & you now live in a different home at a different address? Of course not.\n\nBut, if you stopped for gas on the way, then your displacement equals the extra distance you travelled to get to the gas station.\n\nSo, onto your questions:\n\n2.    Jack and Jill set out for a morning run. They both run 2 miles North along Rte 3 and then turn and run back South to home (to the starting point). Jill stops at home, but Jack continues to run South for an additional 3 miles to the gym.\n\na. How far did Jill run? (Remember the definition of distance.)\n\nJill ran 4 miles.\n\nb. What was the displacement for her entire run? (Remember the definition of displacement.)\n\nHer displacement for her entire run was 0.\n\nc. How far did Jack run? (Remember the definition of distance.)\n\nJack ran 7 miles.\n\nd. What was the displacement for his entire run? (Remember the definition of displacement.)\n\nHis displacement for his entire run was 3 miles, the distance from the starting point (home) to the gym.\n\nI hope that helped.
no
24 hours get a nondrowsy dramamine and take it atleast 30 minutes-1 hour before your trip.
All Bran and Prunes.
The GRM-260 is designed for field K, U, Th assays of rocks. \n\nGRM-260/2 with NaI(Tl) 2"x2" detector:        $9950\nGRM-260/B with BGO 2"x2" detector:            $14060
Any of the five functions of a business could use your degree. Production, Quality control, Marketing, Financial, HR. These are different departments that you would be able to run. Management is process of coordination of resources through planing, implementing, influencing and controlling of the resources in order to achieve stated objectives. Naturally a manger.
Yes, Charles Davidson worked at Greenwich observatory. He was in charge of the eclipse observation that could proved Einstein's theories about the gravitational effect on light. Unfortunately for him, he couldn't make the observations because of the rain.\n\n\n---Addition---\nI could only find this link in Spanish:\nhttp://www.ciencia-hoy.retina.ar/hoy44/demo3.htm\nThe observation of the eclipse had to be done in Pass Quatro, Brazil.
I I.. I .. \n\nI..I, I ..couldn't think of a word to say to jarjar.. yet.. I like you but... your neck is too long (above my eyesight)!
I had a hard time staying asleep for longer than 1/2 hour and had some funky dreams.
Most circuit breakers are thermal devices that when excess current run through them they heat up and trip (open up). They can also be used as a switch to open a circuit.\n\nA contactor is a electric relay that is essentially a solenoid and a pair of electrical contacts. The solenoid is activated and it closes the contacts. They are typically used to permit a low voltage circuit or small switch to activate the solenoid so the much larger "switch" in the form of the contacts can close a higher voltage or higher amperage circuit. They can also be used for remote control of a electrical circuit.\n\nA good example if the starter solenoid on your car. It is really a contactor activated by the turning of the key to start the car. The amperage to run the starter motor is relatively large and requires relatively large wiring and a "large" switch.
Neither. They both are horrible.
yup, they did. thats just science. its been proven scientifically. however, the bible teaches us that man is flawed, right? well, the bible was written by men, a few hundred years after jesus died. so, isnt it safe to say that if man is flawed, so is the book he's writing? just because a book says that god made men before animals, and its been proven wrong, that doesnt mean that we werent still created by a greater power, or for a specific purpose. i think ppl are too worried about the book having every word be literally true, and not concerned enough with going through the day trying to be a good person.
the way i learned it the standard form of an equation of an ellipse is x^2/a^2 + Y^2/b^2=1\n\nSince x^2 is before y^2 in this problem, the ellipse is horizontal, meaning the major axis is going horizontally. One of the rules of ellipses states that the length of the major axis is 2a units, and the length of the minor axis is 2b units.  therefore, a=9, and b=3 so the equation is x^2/9^2 + y^2/3^2 =1
Two, actually- One was a simple water heater for a cabin of mine, using a rooftop black insulated tub with a large clear cover-the sun heated the water, and I was able to take a warm shower at night- The other was a triple paned greenhouse made out of 3mm plastic- It was an experiment I did to see how long I could keep a greenhouse going in the winter here in Manitoba.  The cost of either was negligible.
Get a lawyer....\nI am not a lawyer , but I play one online....
www.youtube.com
naaah\nu arnt crazy dear...somewhere somehow,u r gonna meet that special person!so don't flip ur lid,and keep ur eyes open...the person may be just round the corner
I thought I've heard that they print enough money every year to pay off the National Debt.
Shakira cause she knows how to move what she's got, and she's really pretty.
http://www.tv.com/the-4400/mommys-bosses-2/episode/443066/recap.html
Probably the Suns, but I'm going to root for the Clippers. It's been so long since they won anything.
The President Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam..... a great academician , aresourcefula nd extremely knowledgeable person and someone who has a vision for India which the other leaders don't(they have a vision for themselves only!!!)
There is an old chinese saying. It goes something like this:\n\nFor a man to conquer a woman it is like breaking down a brick wall barehanded.\n\nFor a woman to catch a man it is like breaking through tissue paper.\n\nMoral of the story is that it is much easier for a woman to have many partners and much more difficult for the man.\n\nIt also has to do with religion and morals. The moral woman waits until marrage and only has sex with her husband. The immoral woman doesn't.\n\nSo I guess if the moral woman is jealous then she will call the immoral woman names to make herself feel better. (sour grapes is the medical term)\n\nMen lie about having sex many more times than they have ever had to make themselves seem better. To themselves and their friends. Most of the time they are lieing but a few tell the truth. They want you to care and envy them but now with all the diseases around. it's scary.\n\nI'm glad I went to Thailand in the 70's. Lots of easy women looking for a green card (oops, I meant to say husband). You could have a different girl every day if you wanted. Some days I did. I guess that makes me a male sl*t.
I say JT.  I think people underestimate Jermain because of his poor (but victorious) showings against Bernard Hopkins.  Yes, Taylor looked bad in those fights, but Bernard Hopkins makes everyone look bad, and yet he still lost to Taylor twice.  I think we will see a much different Jermain this fight, especially since he his under the helm of Emmanuel Steward.  Not to take anything away from Wright, he is a world class boxer and a seasoned veteran, yet I do not see him having the strength or the hand speed to defeat Taylor, especially if Taylor can keep that jab on him.  Wright's gonna have to get inside to win this fight, and Taylor's gonna do everything he can to keep the smaller, shorter man at a distance.  Either way it should be a much better fight then the last middleweight title fight.
Some are sincere, some are not.  You have to use your judgement.  Talk to them for a bit first, you'll get to know somewhat their personalities.  If they seem OK, then agree to meet him in a public place.  On line dating is risky but can be fun!  I've been using Yahoo personals for a while and have met some wonderful guys, and have had some, well, interesting ones as well lol.  Trust your instincts!!!  And good luck!
Ginko Biloba
complete faith in God and in what you believe.\n\nHe taught us perseverance and complete fearlessness when you know, without a doubt, that what you're doing is righteous.
In short, yes but not significant if I recall correctly.\n\nthere is a small shift in blood presure between measurement in the arms and measurement in the legs.  \nBlood pressure itself is measured during systolic and diastolic stages in the heart cardiac cycle.  \n\nAs blood travels away from the heart it experiences resistance to flow through vascular flow resistance - turbulance, etc... This reduces flow (but increases blood velocity), and increases blood pressure.\n\nAlso, under the force of gravity, blood pressure tends to be higher in lower extremeties due to blood compression towards the leg (although blood is pulsatile and valves built into vascular architecture tend to stop most of this.\n\nThis results in a slightly higher reading in lower extremeties.\n\nTaking blood pressure readings in arms and comparing to that in legs is a good indicator of stenosis and such problems on cardiology.  A drastic reduction in blood pressure in the leg when comapred to that in the arm is a good indicator of vascular blockage in femoral regions (typical) or typically, stenosis.\n\nPlease check this as my recollection on this may be a bit hazzy and it is late.
I was so sad to see it end.  But I'm glad I did.  As they were playing parts of the old episodes it brought back old memories.  I just didn't understand why Mary couldn't be there.  I was flipping back and forth between channels to watch David Blaine's death defying stunt.  But seventh heaven, I'm gonna miss them.
family guy is the best show on tv and i love jasper and brian
I think JImmy Johnson is, but I'm hoping for Earnhardt Jr. but he probably won't.  Maybe next year!
The only deference between the two is that a commissioner is appointed by other judges, where a judge works his way through the ranks. A commissioner is usually higher in the food chain. Both have a law degrees and both make about the same wage.\n\nThese are the basics of course.
I have to agree with the first two answers.  Contact your local recruiter.  You also have to find out where the nearest US Reserve unit is located.  They will also have a recruiter, on be able to get in contact with on.\n\nGood luck
There is no such thing as black magic.  Wiccans don't tend to send out cards to anyone they don't know with '79' scrawled on them in red marker pen.  Occultists are people who study the occult in its myriad forms and probably wouldn't have time to bother sending out cards to random people.  \n\nThe numbers 7 and nine are sometimes considered to be lucky numbers.  Everyone has heard of 'Lucky number 7' and 9 is thought to be a number with positive and powerful connotations for wiccans/witches/pagans/occultists whatever you want to call them because it is 3 X 3.\n\nI have never heard of them being combined to do harm.  Just ignore them.
I don't know. I use the Latin.
that we have life and the love of the One who created us
Conium maculatum (Hemlock or Poison Hemlock), the most common of several species of hemlock noted for their toxicity. contains the alkaloids Coniine, N-methylconiine, conhydrine, pseudoconhydrine and g-coniceïne. The most important and toxic of these is Coniine. Coniine is a neurotoxin, which disrupts the workings of the central nervous system and is toxic to people and all classes of livestock.Conium maculatum has been introduced and naturalised in many other areas, including much of Asia, North America and Australia. Poison hemlock is often found on poorly drained soils, particularly near streams, ditches, and other surface water.
I think you should start a website on your own.  You can recruit a nerd to help you or just do it yourself.  Post your songs on the site.\n\nCreate a music video and insert the address of the website at the end and post it on popular video sharing sites like Google video or Metacafe.  Instant exposure.
bill clinton
I have the same problem 40 DDD/E i am lucky if i can find a bra that fits anything under thirty dollars that is of good support i can usually find on EBay. I use those heat wraps for my back and my gyno said vitamin e in a 1000 unit will ease breast swelling and tenderness and so will 'evening of primrose' you can get both items over the counter.
the best ever female wrestler is chyna cuz she can kick guys arses like any dude can. id love to see her rip cena in half and put his rollin stones in a vice grip.\n\nbut gail kim is my favorite female wrestler, and her wwe theme was aight. stratus, jaqueline, jazz, molly holly, lita, and victoria are all cool too. though barely wrestlers, kristal marshall, jillian hall, and maria are cool, just cause theyre hot as hell. candace is just triflin, though...
your not suppose to work out at night, you're suppose to do it first thing in the morning (wake up extra early) you will feel the effects for the rest of the day and sleep better at night
Well, yes it is normal. Everybody knows that when it comes to men... "LIFE STARTS AT 40." =)
I'm sure there is a happy medium, with no light and too much light both impeding growth.
All depends if your looking at Right-Wingers or in general.  If your saying rw he is right up their as one of the best besides like bossy.  Overal, if your saying like in general he probabley ranks like in upper 10's like 15 out of 20.
Yes, go see a Doctor and tell him/her how much pain your breast is causing you.  When the doctor send your claim to the insurance company ask them if you can send a letter explaining the pain and need of this surgery....know one can explain your pain like you.   \n\nI was able to get surgery paid for that way. The doctor wanted me to send a letter of my pain because the insurance company see my surgery as cosmetic..... and we know they don't pay for cosmetic surgery.
She is just doing that because she is scared. She is scared that if you date her brother she will be left out cause you two will probably spend all your free time with each other. So my advice to you is to go out with him, but remember to make time for your friend.
We can, but most choose not to.  There has be a liberalization of etiquette in our American culture over the last couple of decades and this has lead to a general reduction of etiquette with our society.  Remember that the choice is an individual one that can be encouraged by family, friends and loved ones.  Having proper etiquette is a way to show others around you that you have respect for them.
ANSWER: infinity\n\nEXPLANATION:\nUse the logarithmic expansion series\nlog(1-x) \n= - x - x^2/2 - x^3/3 - x^4/4 ..... - x^n/n - .... to infinity\n\nPutting x = 1 the equation becomes\nlog(1-1) = - (1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 +... + 1/n +... to infinity)\nor log(0) = - (given series)\nor - log(0) = given series\nor log(1/0) = given series\ni.e. given series = log(infinity) = infinite.\n\nADDITIONAL COMMENTS:\nTest for convergence of the series and you will find that the series is divergent (try 'mu'-test or comparison test).
Go in for a portable USB storage device for either 1 GB or 512 mb. Its convinient, but be careful not to misplace it!!
Why would people ask questions about black hair? People have black hair, so what?
Do you mean abused?  If so, no.
Because they don't has any sense.  These parents are too much of a wuss and lack common sense to teach their child the proper way to act and get along with society.  They need to keep their children beside them at all times while at your house or in public.  If not, the minute the kid is out of site he'll be getting into to something he has no business getting into.
Look on www.anywho.com
Be pro-active and an "out-of-the-box" thinker.  Try and find things that could help the office out in general, like time saving ideas or streamlining things to make production better.
no you shouldnt trade arod
anything that endothermically dissolves in water would fit the first request - i think salt would work - but it can actually cause afrost burn on bare skin, so that's probably a bad idea. also, the person would have to get wet and then put the gel on. sorry, best i could do.
If you are financially able to provide and support a child on your own then you should go for it as long as your also mentally ready. But you dont need to have a "man" in your life just to have a baby. There are many women they are insemanated and raise their child on their own without the help of a husband or boyfriend. hope this helped good luck.
I think it is because the injection goes intramuscular.  A muscle bruise is typically more painful and longer lasting than an epidermis or skin bruise.
First lets solve for "x"\n\nFirst equation\nx+5y=10\nsubtract 5y form both sides of the "=" to get...\nx=10-5y\n\nSecond equation\n-2x-10y=20\nadd 10y to both sides of the "=" to get...\n-2x=20+10y\ndivide both sides of the "=" sign by -2 to get\nx=-10-5y\n\nNow lets solve for "y"\nFirst equation\nx+5y=10\nsubtract "x" from both sides of the "=" sign to get...\n5y=10-x\ndivide both sides of the "=" sign by 5 to get...\ny=2-(1/5)x\n\nSecond equation\n-2x-10y=20\nadd 2x to both sides of the "=" sign to get...\n-10y=20+2x\ndivide both sides of the "=" sign by -10 to get...\ny=-2-(1/5)x\n\nSo since "x" cannot equal both 10-5y and -10-5y, and "y" cannot equal both 2-(1/5)x and -2-(1/5)x, the equations are inconsistent.
http://nfl.com/freeagency/undrafted\n\nnowhere yet, but you can keep checking here.
Season 3 of The OC ended last Thursday.  Where the hell have ya been?!?!\n\nOh and Marissa dies.  Which just kills the enjoyment of season 1 and 2.
I may not be a man but my boyfriend and I do that. It is alot of fun!
If your question is the same as the other one, then there is something your friend can do.  Most "head shops" carry drinks that are specifically formulated to clean your body of any trace of marijuana.  I've never smoked the stuff myself, but I have friends who have passed drug tests only a day or two after smoking because of the system-cleaning drinks they bought at head shops.  Wish your friend luck for me.
No they exist only in your mind. I see blue people.
I believe there is a craigslist.com in Quebec.  This is geared towards advertising merchandise in local areas, which is better for you if you're selling furniture.  The listings are free.  I sold some stuff in my area on craigslist and it worked very well!
Go to the website for the printer.  Usually, it's as simple as HP.com or Epson.com, whatever your printer is.  From there, you should be able to find a section for drivers to your specific printer.
No way, The Palace is gonna be on fire, and Rasheed Wallace is gonna come out with a vengeance. He promised that the series would be over in five, and I just can't see him being off by so much that they actually lose the series. I give 7:1 odds that the Pistons win.
you like the bad-for-you stuff because back in the hunter-gatherer days storing fat was very desirable. you didn't know where your next meal was coming from. it's a reward pathway built into the brain.\n\nnow food is easily accessible and we don't have to worry about it, but high-energy-content foods like fats and sugars are still very desirable from the body's standpoint because it's always looking to store up for the future.
Desperate has nothing to do with it I'm a, Single Parent i choose to raise my child than worry about me.\nMeeting someone online just a better way of expressing yourself things you cannot say face to face. Its a good thing some have made it bad and others are jealous of i meant someone online this was the best thing besides my child in my life i could think off.
Depends.  If it's just a standard router, he won't have a log of anything.  If he would have a proxy server (unlikely), he could be logging everything you do.\n\nMy suggestion, quit being a theif, and stealing internet access, you can actually be charged and convicted of a crime doing this. Pony up, and pay the bill like most of us.
yes let make friend
The level that the Lakers are playing at would definitely make us Lakers fans believe that it is possible, however I doubt that they could beat the Spurs...nothing is impossible...the Lakers prove that saturday night! Laker Haters will say it will without a doubt never happen but these same people said that the Lakers wouldn't defeat the Suns...now that series is pretty much a wrap.  Holla!
I THINK THAT YES\n\nhttp://www.biologynews.net/archives/2005/04/06/_roses_are_red_and_now_blue_with_the_help_of_csiro_technology.html
How come you are 'moving to(o) much' when you have 'lost everything' ?! And Ahmed, no country [however barbaric and decadent it be !] permits its 'government' to 'sell' one of its citizens - just like that !\n...Are you fooling only yourself, or amateurishly attempting to 'con' some really 'lonely' person into befriending you - so that you can keep on harassing and exploiting that person, for ever after ?!\n...Your 'story' simply does NOT ring true - and sounds very much like a very amateur SCAM !\nSomeone is bound to report you for abuse - and as per the Yahoo! Answers Community Guidelines, you could even be refused entry into this site.
OK.\n\nTo start from basics\n\nThe human body is made up mostly of cells. Cells are mostly microscopic bubbles of oil with salt water inside them. That accounts for 99% for what a cell is. The rest of the cell is the ‘important’ stuff that keeps the cell active and allows it to communicate and so forth.  And most of that stuff is protein.\n\nA protein is a molecule comprising a chain of smaller molecules called amino acids. There are millions of different types of proteins, and they are the basic machinery of living organisms. Proteins digest food, and they burn food to produce energy, they break down waste and move materials into and out of cells and they carry oxygen around the bloodstream. The chemical engines that make up muscles are proteins, so proteins are also entirely responsible for movement. Basically if something changes inside the human body, proteins are responsible.\n\nProteins also make up most of the structure in the human body. Cells really are just bags of oil containing salt water, they have no structural integrity of their own. They rely on protein fibres both within the cell and between cells to allows them to maintain their shape. Your body maintains it shape because of proteins.\n\nSo what happens when you get burned?  Well the first thing that happens is that the proteins break down. The arrangement of the amino acids molecules gets shaken up and the proteins lose their shape, and without their shape they become non functional, useless. And because all the functions of a cell depend on proteins the cells themselves become nonfunctional. Just as importantly the structural proteins break down and lose shape. That results in the cells and tissues losing their shape. \n\nThat breakdown of proteins is what is technically termed denaturation. The more common term is ‘cooking’. When we cook animals food we are largely trying to break down the proteins so that they are easier to digest. That is why cooked food is more tender than raw food, because the structural proteins have been smashed to pieces by the heat. A burn is nothing more or less than cooking of living tissue.\n\nThe first proteins to suffer from a burn are usually those on the surface of the cell. Those proteins are either embedded in the cell membrane with one end sticking out, or they are just sitting on the surface waiting for molecules to come by to react with. Either way, they cook.  The cooking of the surface proteins has one immediate effect: it disrupts water balance. Those proteins were responsible for pumping water and salt in and out of the cell to maintain the correct balance. Once they are damaged water and salts leak into and out of the cell at will.\n\nThe most noticeable effect of this is damage is in the formation of blisters. Water, salt and even proteins leak freely into the damaged area because the proteins that are supposed to prevent it have been cooked into inactivity. We see that as a buildup of plasma under the skin: a blister.\n\n\nThe second thing that occurs if the heat is applied for long enough is that the cells rupture. They are after all just little bags of salt water. As soon as they heat up the bags rupture and spill their watery contents. If they are heated to over 100oC the water inside vaporises.  As a result the cells lose their shape and lose any ability to function. They die. Now we have not just damaged leaking cells but dead and decaying cells. That presents a very real chance of infection if the area is large enough.\n\nFinally if the heat is applied for long enough and intense enough the structural proteins break down. The structural proteins are usually pretty tough, but they will cook eventually. When that happens the burned area loses its structural integrity. We can see this as the skin peeling off a serious burn. Without the protein strands holding the skin together it turns into mush. If the heat is very severe the underlying tissue also suffer destruction of structural tissue and becomes a
In the suckers back pocket!
Lebron James, Kobe Bryant, Gilbert Arenas, Allen Iverson, and Dirk Nowitzki in that order.
1 and 2.  40% and 60%.\nFor #1 I use it to my hotel from the airport and back.\nFor #2 I use it regardless of the hotel I'm staying at if I'm in a city without a car.\n\nI work in marketing.
No, One Tree Hill is not going off the air yet. Don't listen to these uninformed jerks. I know for a fact that they were already picked up for another season...thank God! My mother is in the film industry, so I have extremely good sources. All I can say is I can't friggin' wait!!\n\nP.S. What an AWESOME season finale huh? Blew my mind!!
a case control study is one in which something (eg. a disease or exposure) is studied by finding a number of cases of that disease or exposure. Each case is matched with a similar control case (ie. same age, sex, etc) which lacks the disease or exposure.
Pena there is one GLARING flaw in your argument. There is nothing about Mexico to be proud about. Mexico is a country, not a heritage. People from Mexico are of Spanish(for the most part) Heritage, just like I am of English and Irish heritage. Yet you don't see me waving those flags around, why? You can say it is because I am not proud, or whatever, but the simple fact is I am an American, and proud to be one. I am proud of my roots, but me being an American comes first and foremost.
wowwwwwww ! why ??? you shouldn't hate anybody !
There is a 06/06/06 every 100 years, so what is the big deal with this one?  Twice a day the time is 6:06 and 6 seconds, so we should be worried? We aren't promised even one more day, so we should each day as the Lord intended. I think people are worried because this is Satan's "number".  It says in the Bible that no one not even Jesus or the angels know the day of judgment, so I don't believe he would pick a day of 06/06/06... be blessed
Just "add text"...save then print\n\nGood Luck
If Jesus came back, nobody would believe him anyway and they would throw him/her in a funny farm like they do with everyone else who claims to be Jesus.
Hold down the Ctrl key when you click on it
At a certain altitude (25,200 miles) it takes exactly 24 hours to orbit the Earth.  Since the Earth turns in 24 hours, the satellite appears to stay over the exact same longitude.\n\nIt is important also to have the orbit lie along the equator.  If the orbit is at an angle to the equator, the satellite will appear to move north and south throughout the day.  \n\nOnce a satellite is in this geosynchronous (moves at the same speed as the Earth) or geostationary (hovers over the same point on the surface of the Earth) orbit, we can aim a satellite dish at it and not have to move the dish.\n\nThis works when you have a good line of sight to the geostationary orbit.  Countries that are far to the north and south don't have a good line of sight.  In the 60's, the USSR used to launch communications satellites in polar orbit.  Their satellite dishes had to swing slowly south to track the satellite, then swing quickly north to meet the next one when it came over the horizon.  If you needed a system like that in the US, satellite television would be too complicated and too expensive for the average homeowner.
Woah, woah...slow down, man.  Get to know her more.  Take her out for nachos or something.  Get to know her thoughts, her dreams, and stuff.  Find out who she really is.  I am sure she is wonderful, she sounds lovely.  So take that step out of your comfort zone and talk to her.  Then you will know for sure whether you are perfect for eachother or incompatable.\nHope this helps.  Good luck.\nNanny G.
I've heard this before - actually when I was teaching English in France!\nIts not meant to be taken literally, its more of a satirical look at the way other countries see the States. For example, have you also got one which says "In England, you must always start a converstion with a comment about the weather" ? That's because we do like to talk about the weather here. Its a kind of stereotype, for our modern times.\n\nIt is also not meant to offend anyone!
Chlorophyl alone would not suffice. You should get the whole bunch of genes needed to build the photosynthetic machinery. And before you think that sticking chloroplasts inside animal cells will do, think again. Chloroplasts are the product of many hundreds of millions of years of evolution. Most of their genetic info (their genes) have migrated to the cell nuclei. So, you dhould get not only the chloroplasts, but also the rest of the genes that moved out of them. A pretty difficult task to current science. \n\nAlthough, nature has an interesting example of such a mixture: a particular kind of slug (I don´t remember the species) can actually eat green algae, seize their chloroplasts and accumulate them right below their skin. Eventually, this chloroplasts die (mostly due to the lack of essential genes to keep them alive for long periods) but in the meantime, the slug can actually live on photosynthesis. Maybe you can find something on the www.
If she really loves you she will not leave your for another guy simply because she deems him "hot."\n\nMy husband is from SA and I didn't marry him cause of hotness (btw though some SA men are hot he's not) I married him because I love him and we have a lot of beliefs in common, his wit, and his caring.\n\nBesides if she does leave you for a guy from SA simply out of hotness she is either not really in love with you and/or shallow. If she's shallow you don't want her anyways.\n\nWhen I was shallow an immature (back when I was 17-18) I dated a few guys cause they were "hot" then I grew up. Either she will or your better off without her no matter how much it may hurt.\n\nGood Luck
Us Mexicans, baby!!!!\n\nTime for a change Brazilians.
CORRUPT.  But I guess that makes me a whiny liberal.  Oh well, whine on I say.  Anyone have any cheese?
http://www.247customer.com
Personally I think people have more in common than they may think.  It's stupid to attach yourself to a label because of a few hot topic issues.  I think most of America is moderate.  The idiots on the far ends of both sides get the most attention.  I think that neither the very Conservative Republicans, or the very Liberal Democrats represent a majority of America.  I could give a crap about Gay Marriage and Abortion, but people on both sides of the issue put that ahead of health care and education and so on.  The things that truly matter take a back seat to issues that only affect a minority of Americans.
products@jillianmichaels.com\nlosingit@jillianmichaels.com
in what??
well it's like chirsmas and Easter.Everyone found a new reason to have holidays. We forgot the value of our holidays. We gave up in beleaveing.
An iceberg the size of the state of Rhode Island broke away from the main glacier 2 years ago.. Scientists said an iceberg of this size or shall I say magnitude breaking away is unprecedented.  Scary stuff if you ask me!
AL-Curt Schilling-It looks like he's fully heeled from his ankle surgery.  Throughout his career he's been a work-horse & this year should be no different.  He's playing for the BoSox so he should get the run support he needs to win games.  It won't be Josh Beckett just because he's  always dealt with nagging injuries (i.e. blisters on pitching finger).\n\nNL-Pedro Martinez-He always gets better with warmer weather.  We're barely in May & he's pitching lights out.  With an ERA under 3, & a stacked lineup, he should have no problem winning games.  He will also get 30 plus starts this year.  Reason being, he won't have to work as hard during blowout games where he will be able to exit the game in the 6th with a comfortable lead.
Indisputedly Klein.\n\nA high tech', well developed, near-perfect frame for balance, control and comfort. Beautifully made, right down to the highest quality paint job you'll find on any bike. Top spec' componentry, intelligently chosen for each model. No unnecessary crap bolted to the bike just to sell it - this is a bike by enthusiasts for enthusiasts.\n\nTruly durable - I've given my Attitude Race a seriously hard time for about 4 years now. Its got war wounds, but it goes as good as the day I bought it and despite the scratches, it still looks great too. It hasn't dated because it has classic simplicity.\n\nGo for a Klein.
There are reasons that these are blocked at your "work/school".  My guess is it is at school and you want to get out to play games without being caught by the Internet filters.  These applications are put in place to protect not just the "worker/student" but also the "workplace/school".  Even through Anon. proxy sites your NAT IP address can be traced back to the originating location and you then make that place liable for anything that you do.\n\nAfter your email:\nTry this:\nOpen Internet explorer.\nTools|Internet Options|Connections\nclick the LAN Settings button\nSelect the Proxy Server check box.\nEnter this IP: 209.128.101.244\nClick OK until Closed.\n\nNow your IE will let by-pass the filters.
Read this, it covers quite a few.  Basically the history of all the anit-trust legislation and cases...\n\nhttp://www.courttv.com/archive/trials/microsoft/primer.html
Yeah, probably early 30s.  I wouldn't leave it much longer than that, because there are risks associated with being pregnant when you are older.\n\nTrouble is, I think men can often sense the biological clock ticking, and feel the desperation coming from a woman in that situation, and they get frightened off.  I wouldn't like to be in that position at all.  I would say if having children with someone is high on the list of priorities, do it sooner rather than later.
Hell no, stop asking annoying questions you little...kidding..of course. :)
Gee! This is really tough to figure out. Why would a female expose her boyfriend to a sexy exotic dancer with all the connotations that go with that lifestyle?\n\nI don't know, You've got me. I guess maybe because of the temptation that would be present. Do you think that might have something to do with it?
sin(315) = -sqrt(2)/2\nbecause it has a reference angle of 45 in the fourth quadrant.\nsine is negative there and sin(45) = sqrt(2)/2
marilyn manson
http://www.ask.com/web?q=site+for+jensen+ackles&qsrc=1&o=0
Pete Wentz because i think it would be cool to hang out with a person that plays the same instrument  as me and i just wanna hang with him cuz fall out boy is my favorite band ever and Pete... my favorite bass player ever.
Good for you dude, I started playing when I was 15..I'm 34 now and can play like nobodies business. An electric guitar is the way to go when starting out. The string guage is much lighter, which makes it allot easier to fret. After you learn some stuff, it is good to play acoustic because it will build finger strength (much more pressure needed to play acoustic), which in turn will make you a stronger electric player.
In the 1700's or 1800's, these two Englishmen were sitting around shooting the bull, and they got to arguing about who was more clever. One of them said, "I bet you I can introduce a new word into common usage in one day." The other guy laughed in his face and took the bet. The first guy spent an entire night sneaking around London with a bag of chalk, writing "quiz" all over the place. When people got up in the morning and saw "quiz" written everywhere, they started talking about it, asking each other, "What the heck does that mean, and who did it?" by the end of the day, the new word, "quiz", meant something that was puzzling or baffling. I swear that's how it happened.
Sounds like small town politics to me.  You don't live in Arcade do you?? You may want to browse this site:\nhttp://www.georgiatrafficlaws.com/
depends on age, height, bone size, etc.\n'normal' is an objective word.\nsome say its 100 lbs at 5 ft, and then 5 pounds per in. after that. so 5'1 = 105lbs, 5'3= 115 lbs, 5'6= 130 lbs... but keep in mind this does not take into account different bone structures. also remember, muscle weight more than fat, so someone can be leaner, more muscular and weigh more than someone of the same build, just more fat.  \nits all objective...
laptop computers can be a rather tricky buy at times, I would suggest that you look out for the cheapest and yet latest laptop or notebook computers on the market, the best way to do this is on what they call warehouse sale markets some of them are also online.\n\nthese warehouse owners have a service where they sell desktop computers to normal customers like you and me, however with very reduced prices due to the fact that they do not have as much costs as normal shops do.\n\none such website is :\n\nhttp://ultimatemg.atspace.com/laptop.htm\n\n\nalternatively I also suggest that you look into the desktop computer market at the moment you can find warehouse sale desktops at a very cheap price at this site too:\n\nhttp://ultimatemg.atspace.com/computer.htm\n\n\nI hope I have been of help in answering your question.
You must be mexican to own a property in Mexico
Russia at more than 17 million square kilometers is largest in size.  Canada is second, but not even close at almost 10 million square kilometers.\n\nIn population China, with almost 1.5 billion people is far ahead of India, the runner up with just over 1 billion.\n\nYou will find many interesting stats at this link.
Most likely you'd have to take it to a a computer technician who knows better in deleting any files you wish to delete.  There will be a fee, to cover labor.
Jeroboam.  I Kings 12: 25-33
Drink extra water, take stool softener gels, and a laxative if you need to.
Do NOT Download - its a EXE file - a program\n\nI have just reported it
yes it can be if both pcs were setup to have a network working and the file sharings are enable... \n\nuse your pc with a monitor..\n\nopen network...search for the drive you want to transfer you datas to...\n\nand thats it...\n\n\nBUT IF IT dont have a network setup yet..\n\nsorry NO...\n\nthe only way you can transfer files is through a NETWORK...that is with your current situation
hydrolyse the ester to get the diacid and 2eq of alcohol.  Seperate them via distillation and then oxidise it to ethanoic acid, acetic acid.
Are they?  Can someone please hook me up with Josh Lucas, in that case? I know just what to do with him.
well... it just depends... i mean he maybe shy or he does'nt really like y0u... and also he maybe is preparing f0r s0meting special f0r y0u.. like gifts and stuff...\nhe maybe needed a little more attenti0n .. and also he wants you t0 always say hi first to him....
Wow you deserve to have a great time... stop stressin and give him a call and just say you forgot to ask where to meet! sounds like a romance novel.... long lost love " the notebook "
for the most part it is baised on what server you connect to but i found a nice lil loop hole http://events.yahoo.com/326123171.html?source=394 go to this link and  click the go to yahoo button
This is the slippery slope. How do we demand that other countries do not torture our soldiers, if we have no problem torturing theirs?\nThis was the basis for the Geneva Convention. Everything is fair game during the battle, but, if captured, you were effectively taken out of the war, and as such, would then be treated in a more humane manner.\nA principle, that I think, a lot of countries strived to maintain as best they could. Was every prisoner treated humanely?  Of course not. Any time you throw humans into the mix, you aren't going to have perfection...no matter how noble the idea.\nBut to have a government itself support the concept of torture, invites other countries to do the same. Is this really what we want for our soldiers?\nAnyhow, I don't think torture is a very effective tool. Physical, anyhow. People can only withstand so much pain before saying anything just to make it stop. Including making things up. There are more effective tactics out there.
Spindle
does it really matter if they snub you. i get the same treatment when i go to school functions for my son. i am not there to impress anyone, or to make friends, or to jump on the mommmy bandwagon. i am at school to fight for something my son wants, needs, or feels he has a right to. i am not concerned with what other mothers (parents in general)think. i have my own code to live by, and in 10, 15, or 20 years i will only want to know that i did right by my kid... not the PTA moms. in fact, i doubt i'll even know their names.
Howard Cogan as the "voice" of Jack. The original webstream features the voices of Famous Amos, Bonita, and Bob Perry.
try http://www.salary.com
Warren's answer is by far the best.\n\nMy boss has screwed me a few times.  'Tis why I am looking for a new employer.
If they stay healthy, they will have a pretty good offense. \nthey have Deuce McAllister and Reggie Bush in the back field. And Joe Horn out at WR. If they just get a good OL, they will be really good.
Practice more.
I used to have one as a kid and I loved it. I didn't take it seriously though.  They just change color based on temperature.  The typical stone will turn blue when it's hot, black when it's cold, and green or red in the middle. Not much to it really.
Stop the video and start it from that spot. It may be off sync because it's still buffering. Or you might have a slow computer, so the decoding process cannot keep up with the play.
No doubt about it, Ethel.\nBy the way, I think Ethel is one of the\nfunniest names to say.
the best way is to tell her, but if you want to prove your love then make her feel she is the most important person for you (you know, it wouldn't be bad if you brought her flowers or chocolate, but these are general means to win her heart).\nas regards me, i love when my bf tries to do everything to please me and i adore him for that. i'm telling you, every little thing you'll do for her is important.\ngood luck!
yes, the blood type is based on the genes of the parents, so there are 2 parts. being positive is a dominant trait and being negative is recessive.  so the you also have to look at the grandparents.  if one of them had both recessive genes and the other had postive, that would mean that one of the parents could have passed on the recessive gene and the other a dominant making that person be positive, but still able to pass on the recessive gene.
i don't know if it is. i hope not. that would be scary if it were. People could rob you, rape you, stalk you, and oggle you easily. Big Brother would always be watching you!!!
i think what his father must have been againist mutants and he though that his father would hate him
B
I need more information.\nWho are your students?  That is, what level of English do they have now? (none, some, quite good but need help with vocabulary and accents?)\nFor what purpose are you teaching?  To pass an exam?  For daily life (survival skills), for work vocabulary?\nWhat age are your students?  Children, adolescents and adults all learn differently and have different preferences in teachers.  Children and adolescents like to have 'steath' learning--that is, they do not perceive what they are doing as work.  Young adults and adults are more straight forward and generally prefer some homework for example.\nOnce you know the needs of your learners, you can easily plan a course of 10 weeks that suits their needs.
There are many "genres". One would be a response to literature essay, where it is a case of reading a literary work, then describing the insight you obtained from it. Of course, you must prove it by the evidence in the text. Next is the summary, where you again read something and breifly state the main plot. You again need to specifically tell the reader the theme of this work. Another one would be fiction/ nonfiction. It tells an experience, fake or not, and enetertains a reader but also gives the insight and the purpose of it. There is also a persuasive essay, and then the research writing. Those types of writing are the most common in the literary world.
being a child of the state isn't fun... you may cause them to be worse off sending them to the state... maybe you should ask the child if they would like to be with their mother and find out if they are happy in their situation.. sometimes it's not as bad as it seems!
Immigrints Are little money makers.  The big boys in this country love low labor costs, even if it lowers the standard of living.  Its not about working harder it's about being paid less.
You can install the second version also . But you have to run the 2nd server with different port number . After installing second server change the port number in Tomcat5.0.28/conf/server.xml file . Now restart the second server it will work fine. If any doubt send me mail.
CLICK ON THIS LINK& U WILL GET WORD TO WORD INFORMATION ABOUT KRISHH\n\nhttp://www.glamsham.com/movies/bollywood/moviesite.asp?site=www.krrishthemovie.com&title=Krrish
Your credit rating is a measurment of how safe of an investment you are. If you have a high Credit rating you are considered safe. If you have severall loans you are not necessarily considered to be an unsafe lendee. However if you miss payments or some of your loans are credit card based and near or at the credit limit you would be considered risky.\nMoney is money, and you would want to borrow money at the lowest interst rate possible. You need to look into the current interest rate you are paying and compare it to the consolidation interest rate.\nWhen a person applies for a lot of creidt in a short amount of time their credit rating is affected adversely. Due to this if you are getting this consolidation loan near to another loan you received you could damage your credit rating slightly.\nHowever, paying off high interest loans with the consolidation loan and then making your payments on time would do more good than bad.
Getting your degree in engineering would definately put you on the right track to getting into this field.  Architecture, not so much...Most schools with programs in Architecture focus on buildings.  You might also look into Industrial Design.  Look for a school that offers courses in Product Design, Interaction Design, Project Management or Transportation Design.  All of those will be physics and engineering heavy, so those are the classes to keep focus on.  Good luck!
its probably just thier nickname, not the account. like with yahoo answers, if you click 'myQ&A' and then click 'edit my info', you can change your nickname.
Im a sorry to hear about your tragedy. It sure sounds like your neighbor's son has a serious problem that requires immediate attention. Depending on the mental status of that nine year old, the courts should be able to do something to compensate you for the damage. If he is evaluated by a professional and the results come back normal, you can charge for simple assoult. If not, you can still charge because ultimately, the parents of an ill child are responsable for any intentional damages caused by him. I suggest you speak with the chief of your police station, explain to him what happened and what you want done. If this doesnt help, go a step further up the ladder until you resolve the problem. Bulling has no excuse. Best wishes.
The Creek confederacy (Muskogee people) traditionally had six White (peace) and eight Red (war) clans.  The White clans included the Wind, Skunk, Beaver, Bear, Wolf, and Bird.  The Red clans included the Fox, Panther, Wildcat, Potato, Alligator, Raccoon, Toad and Deer.
im a lesbian yea i hate how we get judged just because we're diffrent well screw everyone one of u that judge us im 17 2 and i love girls guys are A**holes i would much rather be with a girl than a guy and u go babe for standing up for yourself i have nuthing but resect for u email me some time lilmomma1718@yahoo.com if u want 2
Two possibilities:\n\n1) Your ISP connection software has a timeout configured to shut down your connection after an hour of inactivity.  Solution: change the timeout, or stop using the ISP's software and configure Windows to connect without it.  You usually don't need it.\n\n2) Your broadband device is using DHCP to assign your PC an IP address, and changing it frequently.  The PC doesn't keep up, and when they get out of sync they don't talk any more.  Solution: configure the device to assign your PC a static IP based on its network card's MAC address.\n\nYour ISP's customer support should be able to talk you through either of these things.
My dear having a boyfriend is not a privilege. By all means its only a desire, a want that humans get now and again. But a woman can survive without a man. what would you need hI'm for? to whisper sweet little nothings in your ear and tell you your pretty? to lie , or cheat, to break promises. now im not saying all guys are like that. Depends how old you are. Boys from elementary to middle school care only about social status and being alone. Also their experiences urges like touching and humping things. Boys from high school may be a bit more mature but those you have to be extra careful with. They know the trick of the trade. There is a right age and wrong age to have a bf. Know where you stand. You have to be careful who you choose to be with. Ask yourself. Do i want him forever? or to play with? One must ask themselves questions that will benefit them for the future. Love is a game of risks. Be careful.
Chelsea\nSeason: 04/05\nPoints: 95\nGames won: 29\nDraws: 8\nLosses: 1\nGoals for: 72\nGoals against: 15\nGoal Difference: +57
Start...All Programs...Accessories...System Tools...System Restore
Lazy and poor is a bad combination. You could certainly add more ram and a 2nd hard drive at a minimal cost.
According to the Bible, God loved Abraham and promised him that from him he would make a nation. Abraham had faith in God's promise even though he and his wife Sarah were getting very old and had no children. Sarah did not share the same faith as Abraham. After some time, she presented her slave Haggar (an Egyptian) to Abraham so that they could conceive a child. Hence, Ishmael (Arabs) was born. Sarah later became pregnant with Issac (Jews). Once Issac was born, Sarah could not bear to look at Haggar and her son. Sarah made Abraham send Haggar and Ishmael away. Genesis ch.15-18, 21.\nBoth Isaac and Ishmael are fathers of nations. The Jews are God's chosen people because the orginal promise was for Abraham and his wife Sarah.
If he was your first pick, then you must like him, so you should keep it.  I have him in one of my teams too.\n\nI beleve he could be better, maybe an ERA in lower 4, 1.3 WHIP, 10 wins, and 150 strikeouts through the season.\n\nMariners is not a good team and in a very strong division.  It's hard for Félix Hernández to win a lot, and keep his ERA low if Mariners don't allow him to throw sliders.  Mariners would also try to protect him by limit his pitch counts, so 130-150 innings with 150 Ks is my prediction.
never heard of carpet shampooing\nbut i have my carpet steam cleaned once in 1 1/2-2 months\ni vacuumed it myself every 2-3 days though
Since he is Prime  Minister Koizumi, the answer is no. But with that said, it would be because they are next door to China and South Korea. We must remember honoring a nations fallen soldiers has always been done. The important thing is the fact as Prime Minister, he represents the entirety of Japan. For that reason and the fact of the e beliefs about those who have died needing honor, it may be something we must tolerate. After all, what I do in my house is my business.
I don't know what you mean by supporting our nations, but surely capitalism supports the welfare of society better than any of the alternatives.
I can do 14.\n\nThe first three cuts form a triangle in the middle, which is surrounded by pieces on each corner, and each side.  That makes seven pieces.\n\nThen cut the cake in half lengthwise, and serve!
Going by pure statistics, the storms that are most likley to be bad are: \n\nAlberto, Florence, Debby, Chris and Isaac.  \n\nA, F, D, I and C storms have the highest frequency of being retired, because they tend to be storms that strike in the middle of the season (Except for A named storms)  "A" named stoms tend to be retired the most because of A-Frequency of storms starting with "A" and B, A named storms tend to strike places that aren't yet prepared for storms.   \n\nOf course, for every Alison, Andrew and Allen, there are such fish spinners (Storms that never affect land) weak tropical storms as last year's Arlene, 2004's Authur, and 2003's Ana.\n\nBut in all reality, we don't know what storms are going to be the most powerful.  All we know is that if you see any weird thunderstorms coming from Africa and you're in Florida or if you see any weird thunderstorms in the Bahamas on satellite, be prepared to run inland.  Those hurricanes, (Respectivley known as "Cape Verde" storms and "Bahama Busters") cause the most damage.
Comparing the two is somewhat ridiculous. But the one major thing they have in common is that they make bubblegum pop music. Evanesence is probably better because they have at least some musical skills and write their own songs. But they aren't that much better. Amy Lee has a horrific voice and she proudly displays her horrific voice at live shows. Without any shame.
1. yes guys like to look at porn. and no I still think my wife is beautiful.\n\n2. Porn stimulates fantasy in our heads guys are more visual and by watching or seeing porn it's easier for us to imagin it. It does turn us on and when we are turned on our mates are even more desirerable.\n\n3. Many women feel threatened or undesirable to there guy if they look at porn. That's normal. But that's not the case. You are very desirerable, it just that guys think about sex so much that we know it's unreasonalbe to think that you can be there for us with every urge we have, and porn it sort of an outlet for our over sexxed minds.\n\n4. Not usually. Sometimes we will compair the things you do for us but for the most part no. We might see something or think of something we would like to try because of porn but were coming to you to try it. We would hope that you would be willing to at least try. That alone is a huge turn on for us.\n\n5. It doen't take much. Most guys aren't that dense. We know. But at the same time you need to understand that it's not only a mental desire it's also a physical need for us. being stimulated both mentaly and physically has possitive benifical aspects for us. The hormones and chemicals that our body produces help us with stress, depression and many other things. That being said, although not as extreem, it's sort of like needing to eat. Needing food.\n\n6. Go with it, try and get over it and even enjoy it with him. Be open to it, and let him know you are there for him when he needs you.\n\n7. There are many double standards in this world when it comes to the differant genders. I personally think that if a guy looks at porn he should not get upset if his girl does the same.
In what language??
no-i think i read 11\nboth nips, 2 below waist, ears-eyes, belly button, nose-mouth=11\n\nand 5 bodily fluids are blood, semen, saliva, tears, and ooooo-look-health class was in 9th grade-a long time ago-
you feel you're not good enough because your comparing yourself to other people. remember that there are better and lesser persons than you are. you might be frustrated if you'd do that. \n\nand God is the only one you need to feel sufficient.. =)
You cant know for sure without going to a doctor. You should go to a doctor, and if they want to give you medication you can say no. You can go to a holistic practitioner as well, which is all natural, but they cant diagnose clinical depression.
well that looks as if it is a standard 80mm dc brushless fan. any reputable computer repair shop should have some in stock.\njust as a precaution take the old fan with you and do a physical comparacon of the old and new fan's
Find the perimeter of a circle: 2 times pi times radius and divide by two. That gives you the arc. Add on the diameter, which is twice the radius, and you have the flat side.
yea go to that site below and look for a nice clint, or if u wanna use yahoo get the yahoo tunnel that should work, but ull need to set it up
Try the link below:
try google.
No, he thinks you are easy and just wants to score.\n\nOh wait, the crystal ball says yes, he is your true love.\n\nOh wait, the magic eight ball says definitely no.\n\nGive us a break how are we supposed to know.
It's a vehicle for the sperm to reach it's destination.
well hemp was and still is a useful material. leaving aside the drug end of it , it was our rope and is still the step before linen,\nBut the record shows where any natural plant or material \ncan be  out smarted by technical  IE nylon Polypropylene's \netc  and big business takes control , well the only thing they could say bad about hemp was its drug use, but the use of  the same drug was  considered a medical treatment  till a new way of making all the byproducts from same plant was discovered the drug end of it was used to tarnish a very natural  product, and the 1000 uses that where not drug related  where ignored  buts that's big business. and the way of the world for now\nit shall return  as it was said  NATURE FINDS A WAY
hahaha... amyza29... always blaming Clinton... it's too bad Bush can't run his own presidency and has to blame everything that goes wrong on Clinton... you would think in 6 years they would be able to fix some of the screw ups, but apparently not, it's all blamed on Clinton... hahaha\n\nAnd he's done so much to fix those CIA screw-ups... nominate a person who knows nothing about it, about to nominate another... gee he sure is fixing things now...hahahaha\n\nzombiesatemyballs.... I wonder the same thing... but if that happened they would probably blame it on Clinton too.. hahaha
Wouldn't hurt you to actually do your own homework
Better question is which ones would?  Only 4 species of shark have ever been verified to have killed humans, and there are over 300 species.  Avoid the big ones.
the food and drug administaration should have what you are looking for and if not you could contact the makers for the drug if you are doing resrch on ti they should be able to give you an estamated number.
It depends on what email program you are using. In Outlook Express when you create a new email, at the top it has Insert, click that & then Browse to where you got the picture saved & click on it to highlight it, then click Insert.
fair trade by honoring past agreements eg softwood lumber
Because sometimes our plans collide with the actions of others.
http://www.familywatchdog.us/\n\nThis is one that I use.
Sonora Dodd, of Washington, first had the idea of a "father's day." She thought of the idea for Father's Day while listening to a Mother's Day sermon in 1909.\n\nSonora wanted a special day to honor her father, William Smart. Smart, who was a Civil War veteran, was widowed when his wife died while giving birth to their sixth child. Mr. Smart was left to raise the newborn and his other five children by himself on a rural farm in eastern Washington state.\n\nAfter Sonora became an adult she realized the selflessness her father had shown in raising his children as a single parent. It was her father that made all the parental sacrifices and was, in the eyes of his daughter, a courageous, selfless, and loving man. Sonora's father was born in June, so she chose to hold the first Father's Day celebration in Spokane, Washington on the 19th of June, 1910.\n\nPresident Calvin Coolidge, in 1924, supported the idea of a national Father's Day. Then in 1966 President Lyndon Johnson signed a presidential proclamation declaring the 3rd Sunday of June as Father's Day. President Richard Nixon signed the law which finally made it permanent in 1972.
I don't know how to forget them but it helps to stay busy. Don't be alone try to be with friends as much as possible! I feel ya, I'm in the exact situation. It sucks! If ya figure out how let me know! I'm sorry and best of luck!
http://www.osha-safety-training.net/PUB/pubs.html?OVRAW=osha%20standards&OVKEY=osha%20standard&OVMTC=standard\n\nhttp://www.dol.gov/dol/compliance/comp-osha.htm
Look, it was one time.  Your dad can be pretty charming and I was drunk on your mothers bathtub gin.  If I knew that you were sleeping in the room next door I would have kept it down a little.
Neither could win, especially Condi.  She is damaged goods and so full of crap.  But the right female could win.  She is internationally known, intelligent, connected, well spoken, educated, media friendly, yet not one of the good ole boys like Hillary.  The answer you ask?  Maria Shriver.  She runs as a democrat, keeps Teddy boy out of the picture, but leverages the Kennedy name and Arnold can bail from CA to become the 1st gentleman.  Sounds crazy, but it could work and if it did we'd either be saved from the same old crap or just collapse in the effort.  Either way, we need real change, otherwise we're done.  It's just a matter of when.
indians
Try and apply online to this   www.stream.com\nthey are an out source center for hewlett packard /MSN\nas well as xbox  they are over the phone  tech support \nremember www.stream.com
fell out my pocket on my way home\nyou see it let me know
Of course they will! All they need to do is slide past the Phillies and the Braves for a seat in the playoffs.
Did you open your photobucket account using you aol address? If so, that's where you went wrong...now you don't have an aol account...so you'll have to start from scratch...
not having a solid enough defense.
not all young ladies date married men but for ones that do, their probably whores.
A Field Programmable Gate Array or FPGA is a semiconductor device containing programmable logic components and programmable interconnects. The programmable logic components can be programmed to duplicate the functionality of basic logic gates such as AND, OR, XOR, NOT or more complex combinatorial functions such as decoders or simple math functions. In most FPGAs, these programmable logic components (or logic blocks, in FPGA parlance) also include memory elements, which may be simple flip-flops or more complete blocks of memories.
you need a simple answer, but I don't have one.
I know a little about the school, and did consider it for my daughter.  It is a very good school, with good results and plenty of activities for girls to get involved in.  I didn't select the school, as I was concerned with their insistance that over time my daughter would need to board there. I think it put my off how much emphasis they put on this. In addition, the few girls I do know who went to the school were highly confident and outgoing.  Which I think represents the school.  Unfortunately, I knew with my own duaghters personality, she might find things a bit too much - as she is quiet and reserved.
Open up the CD Burning program on your computer.  It should be either "Create CDs and DVDs", Roxio Easy CD Creator, Nero, or Sonic Record Now.\n\nYou want to create a data-disc and add the Microsoft Publisher file.\n\nTake the CD to kinkos (call first to make sure they can work with Publisher files) and I'm sure they'll do a decent job of printing the yearbooks.\n\nThe quality should be very high, especially since the file that you're burning to the CD is an exact copy of the one on your computer.
In HS, A linebacker often makes the defensive "play" calls for the team. He will call which back to key on (Fullback or halfback), what coverage the secondary will play (man to man or various types of zone.... and will make calls for the Defensive line to shift left or right or to change fronts. \n\nThe calls that he is responsible for become more sophisiticated as he progresses through a system, and College LBs often have more responsibility than HS, and a Varsity HS linebacker has more responsibility than JV.\n\nAs for responsibilities on the field, some of the other answerers have been spot on. A LB generally is responsible for making tackles, and possibly covering the TE or RB out of the backfield on passing plays. They are also occassionally called on to Blitz...
Yes, the first night I met Nathan I knew something was different. I remember thinking that he was the one right away. He later told me he felt the same way. We've been engaged for about 6 months now and are planning our wedding. =)
bwahahaha\nscientology is about people being infested with the spirits of aliens killed years ago, by a ruler named "xenu" who dumped the bodies into a volcano, caught the spirits, and placed them into the natives of the Earth (called teegeerack in scientology)\nit's all a load of bullocks :)
its possible he does notice you and is also shy and thinking the same thing you are.  I would suggest trying your hardest to get past the shyness and just approch him....maybe start out slowly and drop him a secret admireer letter and see how he reacts. If its to your likeing move on from there.
Usually Taco Bell hires the younger youth. You might want to consider volunteering-in a capacity that your child enjoys. It builds up references, local networks, and experience. Not to mention, the child learns good workplace soft skills such as how to take orders from a superior, co-existing peacefully with co-workers, and how to deal with challenges.
We dont need Roony\nWe have Cahill!
I'll tell ya which ones they should keep.\n\n1.  WrestleMania\n2. Royal Rumble\n3. Survivor Series\n4. Summer Slam\n These are the original four that spawned them all.
It can happen again. I think the pressure at the airports isn't thorough enough. Having travelled internationlly recently, I saw it was still feasible to get something past the security.\n\nUS Embassies around the world are also prime targets, and those fall under US jurisdiction. Those have significantly less security surrounding them, especially if they're located in countries that do not crack down on terrorism and violent groups.
By all means go hunting naked.  People will notice you more, which means you'll have a decreased chance of being shot by Dick Cheney.
Click on Start > Settings > Taskbar and Start Menu\nClick on Strt Menu tab\nClick on Customize\nClick Remove\nSelect Yahoo Messenger\nClick Remove\n\n(I hope this is what you meant)
Srinivasan Nagarajan, is the topper of 2005
I would pare down the Government.  Our government in the 60's used to represent 2% of the GDP, now it's 40%.  \n\nThomas Jefferson was very clear about the government staying out of the way of commerce and acting to protect our borders.  Let's move back to that successful strategy.
http://www.aamc.org/students/cim/start.htm\n\nthis is a nitty gritty website.  The basic process requires an individual to complete a 4 year college education with at least a B+ average.  Although majoring in science is not necessary, the college student must take 2 courses in Biology, two courses in Chemistry, two courses in Calculus, two courses in Organic Chemistry and a few other must have courses such as Physics and statistics.   Then you must apply to a medical school, complete 4 years of med school and then train an additional three years after med school to become a pediatrician.  Med school tuition costs range from 15,000-45,000/year.
wash your face everyday with plain, no perfume soap or see a dermatologist.
predators\nlack of food\nlack of shelter
You are at a computer.  I know both windows and Mac systems have built-in calculators.  Why don't you just figure it out for yourself.  Are you that lazy or that stupid?
No it doesn't.  Some people think that their private life is just that, private.  Dome are just not comfortable with public display of emotions.  My husband and I are both like that.
1.Harry Potter\n2. All james patterson books\n3. stephen king books\n4.maniac magee (very goooooooooooooooooood book)\n5.serises of unfortunate events\n6.house of the scorpion nacy farmer's other books too\n7. tons more email me if u want more
If by nature you mean as a person is born, including heredity and genes, I believe this influences human behavior by about 50%.  However, the nurturing a human receives via parents, friends, teachers, and others a person meets and/or sees in life then influence a person's behavior by about 50%.  A person starts out with certain characteristics and learns to deny or appreciate, accept or seek out scenarios which then show that person what he/she enjoys or not.  Life is choices.  So I would need to say "both".
If you don't like gay marriage don't get one!
TALK CLEAN. And be polite. \ncontact me for more info.
Dude, tell your math teacher he/she is a moron.  This is not a good question.  I majored in Chemical Engineering at college.  I've done more math than your teacher could ever imagine, and I've got to tell you that this question has absolutely no meaning in the real world.  Why?  Because you can't predict how she would work alone based on the information given.  What if she works extra hard when she's around Rick, but slacks off when she's alone.  You can't tell, so the problem is useless.\n\nThat said, here's the answer a moron math teacher (who doesn't really have what it takes to do math in the real world) would want to see:\n\nG + R = -6 (negative because they spent hours.)\nR = -15 (negative because he spent 15 hours.)\n\nplug in R\n\nG + (-15) = -6\n\nG = -6 + 15\n\nG = 9 hours (positive because that's the time she saved Rick when she helped him.  Saved hours are positive)\n\nThus, if you were a moron (like your math teacher) you could assume that it would take G 9 hours to do it alone, but like I said before that's just plain STUPID.
If the Clippers won, it would be a miracle!
He could be arrested, but it wouldn't amount to anything now.  If the girls mother wanted to press charges, he could have been charged with at least statutory rape.  Since the girls mother gave permission for them to marry, she can no longer file charges--therefore, there isn't really a case here for him to be arrested for.  Having a baby is one of the stupidest reasons to get married!  That decision is going to haunt them for the rest of their lives.  Being married is hard enough when you're old enough to realize all that it means--at their age, they barely know how to wipe their own butts!  Adding a child to the mix is just asking for trouble--I don't care how mature you are, or how well you think you're prepared for it--parenthood changes everything!  Having a child first, then getting married because you have a child is, from my own personal experience, a VERY big mistake!  I'd rather see 2 people who love and care for their child never marry than marry and be miserable.  I hope your friends mother is ready to not only raise her own child, but her grandchild and a son in law as well!  Make sure you stick around for your friend--somehow I think she's gonna need as much support as she can get in the very near future--when her life totally falls apart.  I wish her luck and truly hope she won't be another statistic, but I'm being realistic and calling it how I see it--a bad situation that will get much worse.
What do you mean "less oriented"?
ok i dont know how well this is going to help you but, here are some really good web sites you can check out 1.wikipedia.org  2.greenfacts.org  3.quit4good.com/facts.html  4.tiger.towson.edu/users/rvazq1/smoking.html   5.quitsmoking.about.com/od/photogallery ( this one has different links that you can click on for different things such as/ cancer, copd, etc)  6.quitsmokingsupport.com/lungphotos.htm  ( this one has really good pictures and e-rays ).now that i have covered some web sites i would like to tell you a little of my story as it applies to your research, i am 50 yrs old still pretty young, but because i smoked for over 30 yrs, i now have copd, and must be on oxygen and do treatments 4 times a day, plus take medicine and use 4 different inhalers everyday for the rest of my life and even though i quit smoking 2 yrs ago, the damage has still been done and now i can barely walk from my living room to my bedroom without breating hard and having to stop and catch my breath, and i have a 5 yr old grandson who i adore but, i can not play with him, because it would probably kill me, and he is already asking questions about why i cant and its hard to give him good answers, but i do my best to be upfront and honest with him.i hope all this information will be of help to you and please for gods sake , dont be a smoker!! god bless you and if i can be of further help my email is---chila1113@yahoo.com. good luck to you.sm
Not really, you just have to be physically fit. that's all
I managed an La Weight Loss center for 4 years until I married last year. Yes LAWL does work but so do alot of other programs. The key with LAWL is Lifestyle change!!! You must be willing to make lifelong changes not temporary ones and the program will work. Let me see what tips I can give you.... Write down everything you eat, this sucks, but truly helps and this is a big part of LA program. Also eat often and never forget breakfast. Watch portions- especially starches and certain proteins. Eat veggies and fruits everyday. Stay away from processed foods, carry water with you everywhere and stop eating 2 hours before bedtime. Good luck and stay positive.!
I've had the same problem. Something I've started doing to get my timing right is I count the seconds that it takes for the pitcher to start her wind up and get the ball over the plate while im on deck. It helps alot. Also before a game, I soft toss some which helps me to make contact :)
Honey, your age difference shouldn't matter--that isn't much and it sounds like an excuse to me.  I think that is his hint that he's not interested in you as a sexual partner.  You could remain friends if you can tolerate the situation, but don't expect more.  Look elsewhere for someone who deserves your affection and devotion AND returns it in kind.  It's very difficult trying to find your soul mate  and you've only just begun.  In my experience, it takes gay men alot longer than lesbians to find their lifelong partner.  Good luck.
Ameica of course cuz I live there.
Fahrenheit 911\n\n(I know you were looking for things a bit more subtle, lol.)
there are hundreds of these things all over the net. try www.bookrags.com, sparknotes.com and there are many others.
The heat which might be generated by using the internal one would be significant enough to cause concern but not high enough to cause drastic overheating problems unless there happens to be any unforeseen problems like a voltage flucutation, fan getting worn out or not running at its rated rpm(revolutions per minute).\n\nIf you are buying a Toshiba laptop with in built turner, you wouldnt face too many problems because of its ingenious strategic engineering but for other laptops, I suggest you buy an external one. Buy a one that would not draw in power from the laptop and has only the cable input connection to it.\n\nConsidering all possible factors, I would personally suggest you getting an external one not just because of the heat problem. It has other shortcomings too when you opt for an internal.
not unless you set it on fire or let a child/infant breathe it down into thier lungs.
as early as 1925 in Toronto.
You can do a software tunnel to dynamic dns endpoints.  Not sure why you don't like TZO, but there are free dynamic DNS services available.  Search for free dynamic DNS on any search engine.  \n\nYou can do it without dynamic DNS, but you still have to have some way to find the current IP address.  So unless you want to have some one at the site go check and tell you what the current IP address is, you don't have a lot of other options.
I am sure they (yahoo) have a scientific answer for you but us footballers do not.
get it from here....
Shawn Michaels\nTrish\nMaria\nUndertaker\nHHH\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nKane\nThe Mankind\nRey Mesterio\nThe Hurricane
It's up to Vince.....
I looked a long time, through maybe 50-60 glossaries, trying to find a real estate definition for "hard corner" listed someplace.\n\nIn real estate, the closest I got was: A hard cost is an actual cost of construction.  Hard money loan is a mortgage based primarily on the condition and value of the property.  \n\nSome commercial real estate listings for sale use the term "hard corner" to describe their property.  A hard corner, as it applies to real estate, seems to be a term used to describe a commercial real estate property located directly on a hard curbed corner.  It is a corner lot located at a busy intersection. There can be a traffic signal at that intersection, or not.  It is a desirable location.
medicines that suppress the immune system (steroids and chemotherapy medicines)\n\nother than that, have at it.
I think you are doing the right thing although Blair is a right wing looney tune like Bush. London is very, very expensive for housing you would be better off moving to NE midlands (Lincolnshire,Norfolk,Suffolk) where people are under much less pressure and are friendlier. The weather is better on the Eastern side too. You will find it 5000% better than the US which is just dog eat dog and I'm alright Jack, stuff you. It must be a terrible place to live. I am living in Australia at the moment but was born in England, not far from the Humber bridge. I have lived in Canada and spent time in NY state. Good luck Jules.
If you have a contractual commitment to be paid a certain amount at a certain time, there are finance companies that will buy out the agreement.  \n\nQuick search: http://www.jgwfunding.com/structuredsettlements.asp
That's crazy! Neat idea.
I've heard that when Judaism originated, the Israelites regarded their god as their national god and recognised that other peoples had their own gods, but I'm not sure how true that is. I do find it interesting that in Genesis, when Adam and Eve eat the forbidden fruit, god says, "Now he has become like one of US!" So it's possible that the Jews originally thought of pagan gods as real rivals to their god, rather than non-existent beings.
I love the Amplified Bible. It gives insight into things like this. The NIV, which you are quoting, is not very accurate, by the way - use a parallel Bible with several versions beside each other, and it'll help.\n\nMoses neglected to circumcise one of his sons because his wife (Zipporah) was opposed to it. Therefore, he was honoring the will of his wife above the command of God.\n\nIt was very important for Moses to learn that God means what he says at this point, because he was going to be leading the nation of Israel and representing God to them.
yes,it will certainly help.but similarly,players should also be\ngiven rights to appeal against umpire's decision in case it is wrongly given
Thee probe lime ice stew dents deep end an there spill chick or.  Oh Nurse! Of spill chick ore’s due knot veal thee kneed too now two spill.\n\nThey should still learn of course.  It would be a nice...  jester.
ask your teacher or if your school does what mine does you can check on the internet
Ask questions that are intersting and that are bound that generate engaging conversation. Questions like, "Who's your favorite band?" and junk like that aren't going to keep people's interest. Look at blog sites and see what people are intersted in right now and ask questions based on current topics.
there's zenobia in Italy\n\nhttp://www.cilea.it/WWW-map/All-IT.html\nhttp://www.cilea.it/WWW-map/NIR-map.html
please check what you write.have you notice we write in english
#456- 1536 125th Avenue\nNew York New York\n87521
Sleep early, and maintain a healthy life.
it's a symbol of the pentagram with two points going upwards as a sign of duality and three points going downwards as a sign of defiance of the holy trinity and has a goats head inside of the star. it is used in Satanism. was made popular by Anton LaVey (founder of the Church of Satan). there is also another version of the baphomet that has a goat siting on a rock with black angel wings, two hands spread out (one pointing up, the other down), has a female chest, a blanket or robe wrapped around it's lower body, has words written in each fore arm, and some times depicted without the blanket or robe to hide it's phallus. both versions are a physical representation of Satan, hence why they are used in Satanism. if you want to actually see what they look like, just type in baphomet in the image search part of Google.com. you'll find better results with the safety search off. you could also try the Church of Satan web site.
The best thing would be to talk to a lawyer.All Doctors have malpractice insurance and it could be done without causing a huge fuss.
luxembourg
Romance is not dead.  Women still love that stuff!  I don't look for someone who treats me bad.  I think this is a sign of an immature woman with self-esteem issues who doesn't think she deserves to be treated well.  Give me the mature, romantic guy anytime!
abhishek bachan\nhis wife name is JAYA BACHAN\nhe is undisputed actor of bollywood.....bollywood is incomplete without him\nany thing else
IMHO..It depends on the age and maturity of the child.  Also, do you mean work as in chores or work as in flipping burgers at the local burger joint? Because chores are always a wonderful teaching tool for all children.  Flipping burgers..depends on the child's level of responsibility and maturity
just be yourself don't go to impress people just DANCE!!!!!!!!!
It really depends on the organism. Some have behavioral adaptations to avoid inbreeding, but in general one should assume that animals (except the ones with very large brains and social structures) don't have the capacity to recognize kin, certainly not as kin (i.e. they know this is their brother, parent, etc.). But they don't need to if, for example, they instinctively disperse at weaning, etc. However, you may want to consult this article by someone who's done a lot of work on this topic: http://www.bio.unc.edu/faculty/pfennig/lab/pfennig_files/kinrecoginization.htm
i can be your penpal my dear i dont mind at all, im all that you have described. where do we start?
British Ornamental Plant Producers
The GM diet. You can lose about 4-5 lbs per week. Combine with exercise to lose more than that.\n\nhttp://www.it.iitb.ac.in/~jaju/health/GeneralMotorsDiet.html
I think that will be problematic, since social studies is generally particular to that country.  The best place for an American teacher who wants to teach overseas is the Department of Defense: http://www.dodea.edu/offices/hr/employment/
English is already the national language of the United States.  Learn it if you want to live here.  I'm personally sick of seeing my country forsake its own culture so that every whining immigrant that enters can have a say just because they think they deserve one.  Don't give me that crap about this country being started by immigrants, that was plenty long ago for it to have no bearing these days.  Either live here as an American, speak our language and do as Americans do, or pack your belongings and get the hell out!
My folks bought a new '53 Ford sedan, I think it was around $1795.  It was very well equipped for the time.\n\nThey also bought a new '58 Ford station wagon with optional engine, transmission, and even seat belts.  It was $3600.\n\nThose prices, as well as I can remember, are out the door prices.  All the taxes, registration and delivery charges included.
Teleportation, telekenesis, or telepathacy.\n\n((Being able to convince people to get me a record deal would be nice too. :P))
Women have a choice of whether they want to shave their pubic hair or not.  Some women do it as it looks better shaved, others don't shave at all- it is really variable, and not a necessity.  I know some women that do it as they can't stand it, so shave it all off.
Noone can ever assure you of any realistic goal.\nwe do not know what happens next day.\nDreams can come true.simply go what you feel is right.
the reason why u got docked is cuz- u see the common factor is that they are all a multiple of 2 so u take the two out u get 2((b+8)(b-1)) that way everything is to its lowest common factor!!! hope it helps!!
ask him if he'd like to go fishing
No, I would not defend my religion IF my religion was proven wrong.  It serves no purpose to stick with something that is not right.  Unless of course you like it that way.  Everyone has that choice though.  Personally, I would convert if I found something else to be right.
All the above.
She can vote if she has registered to vote.
I believe the pills are just the liquid absorbed by inert ingredients.
Yes!..I <3 Softball!
Closer together
since it is a pvt ltd company, no one will be able to tell u here.  you can go to the registrar of companies office in  the city where the company's head office is located and find out all details from there
yes as long as the monitor has a 8ms or less rating\n\nhttp://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.asp?Item=N82E16824116375
when automobile was first invented, there was just one, so only one state had it. And I think it was a European state.
Well I am 100% american but i think that immigrants who are here for than 7 years, and speak english fairly ,and are nice and, have no police record they should totally became citizens in my opinion.
From what I've read online, DTH is a satellite system, so this will not be possible unless you have a satellite dish receiver on your radio.  This is because satellites use frequencies on the order of about 15 GHz.  Your AM/FM radio antenna will only pick up frequencies up to about 110 MHz.  \n\nFurther, DTH signals are digital.  An AM/FM radio is purely analog.  Thus, even if you had a satellite dish that was the right size and pointed in the right direction, all you would hear is garbage.  The signals are compressed and encrypted, so you need hardware to convert the analog signal to digital, and then decompress and unencrypt the data.\n\nSo, in short, the answer is a definitive no. Sorry buddy.
NOW you see what the GOVERNMENT does to people?\n\n~BrAiNwAsHiNg!~
if it is for personal use then try another top level domain extension(may be .info,.us,etc) but if you are a registered business operating before the website was registered you can sue him/her.\nBut most probably he bought that domain just to resell it at inflated prices(that is also a business).\nIf there is a contact email address then contact him/her/them  .\nRemember if you need it desperately then you will have to pay the price\nthere is no guarantee to the accuracy to information  provided
Red heads (just wanted to be awkward!)
I agree!!!!!! Finally someone with a lil sense that is not posting dumb a$$ questions like  "WHO THINKS 50 CENT IS HOT?". 50 SUCKS! I work in radio and I HATE having to play his crap during my show. \n\nP.S.... MOS DEF IS MY FAVORITE!!!!! :o)\n\nPPS... Deuce Iverson.... CIARA is not a rapper. She sings. And she's not from the "streets". She started off modeling. Thats not gangsta. SHAKIRA is not a rapper! And she is from Columbia. Thats not gangsta either. And Chamillionaire has been around for about 5 minutes. He's not the greatest. He hasn't been around long enought. At least the Tupac and Biggie thing makes more sense... but I'm pretty sure you're just saying that because its something you heard while looking at BET or MTV, or maybe reading in your Word Up! Magazine. Sorry, but you're a dumb a$$ too. \n\nI swear, I understand its entertainment... but its amazing how many people know NOTHING about music. 50 Cent is no where near the best rapper. His lyrical content SUCKS! T.I. is not the greatest.... AT ALL. He makes good songs... but he's no where near the best. \n\nI work in radio, and I'm telling you... TURN OFF YOUR RADIOS and TVS if you want to know what real rap and hip hop is.
It began in the 1960's and was made popular by the Brazillian Players. It is a way of showing unparallel excitment(passion).It is a feeling that is unexplainable to the goal scorer.
You need to focus on your math and science. It's easier if you start out going for your RN, school takes less time and costs less money. Then if you work as a RN for a few years your continued schooling is just a few years and you can earn a paycheck at the same time. And many employers will pay for you to continue your education so the continuing classes will be free.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kuwait_national_football_team
I would suggest seeing a family physician.  I have had months on end of headaches.  I have tried migraine medication that didn't work.  Eventually a neurologist had commented that mine are from neck and shoulder tension.  Using too many pills over time can make headaches worse.  Try looking at medical websites to determine if you are suffering from migraines or tension headaches.  Once you figure that out, it is easier to learn how how to treat them.  Hope it isn't migraine because some of the medication is awfully expensive ($100 for 6 pills).  Because headaches can be a sign of brain tumors, it isn't something you want to take lightly.  Don't wait.
rewonder is  fine ... it needs to be added to the dictionary
stress.  nerves.  not facing something you need to face.
You said it!  Love Taylor, he's the best!!!!!!!!!!!!
By being the best you can be at what you want to be!\n\nSuccess is measured by oneself...not how others judge.  Be successful for YOU and not for others.\n\nMake something of your life and contribute...that's the important thing.  We're here for a reason - so make something of yourself!!
they come from rhode island red chickens. and he is crazy LOL
My man really loves me.  He buys me things and takes my picture and sells it on the internet.
If god really is on your side, then what's with the paranoia? surely he has everything under control, yes?
Put your hands over your eyes and claim you are invisible? Actually it would depend on the layout of the theater.  One large megaplex local to me has a hallway where people exit and if you walked in through the doors while others were exiting you'd never get caught unless someone asked you for your ticket.  They key I've found to anything shady like this though is to act like you belong there and know what you are doing.  Do that and you can accomplish almost anything.
I was sentenced to 6 months in prison a year ago for stealing a car.  I had no idea how to fight.  I had 3 weeks from my sentencing to get my affairs in order.\n\nI used that time to get in shape.\n\nI knew that I would not master the art of Karate, kick boxing, self defense, boxing or street fighting.  I basically just needed to know enough to prevent myself from being raped.  And if I was raped, I needed to know enough to prevent myself from being raped a second time.\n\nI ordered Kick Boxing for Wimps.  I practiced everything that CD had to offer over the next 3 weeks.  Needless to say, no one bothered me.  Due to my celebrity status, it may have helped that I was sentenced to a juvenile prison instead of the Big Boys prison.\n\nNow I use my new Kick Boxing skills to fend off cops and other thieves while I'm stealing cars.
yes I hate it and I like the Pistons
SNAFU is a small mistake.  FUBAR, is usually a BIG mistake.
You can create one at myspace.com if ya want to. It's easy.
sports shop's in your area or here on e-bay worth a try  ahh how are ya
Sort of. The esophagus is capable of something called peristalsis which is a constricting/dilating action that moves a bolus of food from the mouth to the stomach.\nSo when you are in space, eat up!\nNow there is no guarantee that your stomach will tolerate the food once it gets there!!!! I hear 0 gee can be a tricky thing!
If you want free and legal music, read this    http://baseportal.com/baseportal/goodsou...
I think he was just making that up for fun, but he did confirm Thursday that the fight would go on as scheduled. This is from FightNews.com:\n\n"I have decided to fight," Mayorga said. "I'm a man and I will defend my World Boxing Council super welterweight title against Oscar De La Hoya on Saturday night." The Nicaraguan bomber added emphatically: "Look out. I'm going to knock Oscar out in less than six rounds."\n\nSo go ahead and order and tell us what happens. :)
Ice Age 2
though i am still only a teen i know lots about this. I would say go for it because i've had it happen to me and the guy stole my heart so good luck if you take my advice!
FDA - Food and Drug Administration. A branch of the federal government, they give food venders guidelines on how to label certain food. They also do a lot more.
Ok I TOTALLY AGREE! I HATE KATHERINE. I loved Chris so much, that I almost stopped watching. Katherine has screwed up soo many times...and when she was in the top 4! That should have been an automatic off. Her parents drive me crazy. When Elliot got voted off, they were like YES YEAH GO KATHERINE...um...inapporpriate at the time! TOTALLY. She is ugly, she flops around on the floor like a dead fish, she can't dance, she wears clothes that are too tight and they show her rolls over the undergarment. Plus, she's NOT THAT TALENTED. I mean she is OK...but not as good as some. Ok..enough of me going off...I just really don't like her. So my votes go to TaYLor. SOUL PATROL! :)
That usually depends on the provider.  If you deactivate an email address, there's usually a time period before that name can be reused by anybody.  After that, it's up for grabs.  Earthlink is like that - I think they have a 6 month wait period between shutting off an email account and reusing that same name.\n\nYou could always try to contact customer support to see if they can re-release it to you sooner, if it hasn't been too long.
faster than 15 km for sure. i ride with a bike club that rides consistently around 20 miles an hour, and there are many women who ride. i'd definitely imagine a road race for women would be able to consistently hold above 6. whatever miles an hour 15 km/h equals. Me and several friends of mine (including girls) averaged much faster than that on mountain climbs in colorado.\n\nas for speeds they can achieve, if its in the mountains, going down it would easily be in excess of 50 miles an hour.
Generally, you can negotiate with credit cards, etc. They'd rather get something tahn nothing and if you declare bankruptcy, that's exactly what they'll get. You can talk to your local Bar Association to see if they have a program where you can obtain free legal guidance.
If you cannot download yahoo messenger, i really doubt that you will be able to reach yahoo chat or yahoo web messenger. Try this website http://www.e-messenger.net/
Just ask your Dad if he can help you out on buying your house.  Then book that trip and go with him, tell him you'd love to accompany him on this trip and spend time with him before you get busy building your dream house.
Double stars. Two stars close enough they orbit each other? Life is no more possible there than a single star system. It is more about the planet that orbit. whether there are any planets, size, distance from the star, water, a moon maybe necessary for land based life. Look up Drake's Equation
You should check to see if Wells Fargo is out there, i'd be suprised if they weren't.  If not they can lend you over the phone too.
'X' Represents The Read (or Write) Speed Of a CD-ROM (or DVD,CD-Writer etc.). 1X = 150/s KB appr. Therefore 52X Means 52 X 150 = 7800 KB/s. It can Read About 7800 KB data From a CD per Second.\n\nT.C.
Argentina will always be a favorite. but since the world cup is in Europe and south American teams have not done well since Brazil in Sweden i have to say that a European team has the best chance.
Best, legal and safe way to earn on internet is by joining paid survey sites. Paid survey sites pay you for your opinion on various topics. \nDon’t pay for any survey program to join. There are many free to join paid survey like survey savvy they pay more then 5 $ per survey. Always check for on which site you are registering is BBB (Better Business Bureaus) certified. \nGlobal Test Market\nhttp://globaltestmarket.com/join.php?lan...\nAmerican Consumer Opinion\nhttp://www.shareasale.com/r.cfm?B=18123&U=149647&M=4998 \nSurvey Savvy \nhttp://www.surveysavvy.com/ss/ss_index.p...\nOpinionSquare \nhttp://www.kqzyfj.com/click-1952702-10386577 \nPermission Research\nhttp://www.tkqlhce.com/click-1952702-10386942 \nonlineglobalrecruiting\nhttps://www.onlineglobalrecruiting.com/register_htm.asp?refid=infoshine\nGreenfield Online Surveys\nhttp://gozing.directtrack.com/sw/1354/CD5333/ \nOpinion Surveys\nhttp://gozing.directtrack.com/sw/2160/CD5333/ \nspiderMetrix.com\nhttp://www.spidermetrix.com/sm120.php3?r... \nSendMoreInfo.com\nhttp://www.sendmoreinfo.com/3043150/3043... \nMorvo.net\nhttp://www.morvo.net/8621324 \n\nYou can check the website http://www.dollarmantra.com for more free survey list, affiliate programs and contextual ad program, get paid for reading email & surfing the web and more earning recourses. \n\nCheck the website for freelance work. \nhttp://www.jdoqocy.com/click-1822155-10356603?sid=freelance+jobs
9X+7=5X-3\n  -7   -7\n\n 9X = 5X-10\n-5X  -5X\n\n4X=-10\n/4  /4\n\nX = -2 1/2
KISSING.  IT IS CONSIDERED VULGAR.
He just called and said he wanted  help as is fed up with schizophrenic alter ego (calling himself greebohobbes) who can be at best described as a pathological attention seeker who would go any lengths to see his name in print on the net free of charge.
talent impaired
An organization in which well-managed human diversity is woven throughout all functions and levels is better able to meet the major business challenge of the 21st century--the need for adaptability. Organizational adaptability is necessary for success in a business environment characterized by the proliferation of markets across a wide spectrum of national, cultural and ethnic boundaries in the U.S. and abroad and by increasing competition everywhere. \n\nDiversity in Business: Highlights\n• Diversity optimizes the willingness and ability of all employees to contribute to business success. \n\n• Demographic trends indicate a workplace of the future comprising ever more human differences. \n\n• Diversity differs from affirmative action in its emphasis on qualitative, not quantitative, goals. \n\n• Research shows that heterogeneity contributes to productivity and innovation in working groups. \n\n• Diversity training reduces stereotyping, prejudice and cross-cultural misunderstandings. \n\n• A "culture of inclusion" requires institutional openness to diverse styles, ideas and perspectives. \n\n• Diversifying a firm's leadership is indispensable for attaining the long-term benefits of diversity. \n\n• A diversity audit is an excellent first step in planning organizational change to support diversity. \n\n• White male backlash is a significant challenge to diversity. White males cannot be ignored. \n\n• Adaptability is vital in this era of business globalization. Diversity enhances adaptability.
It is probably a phishing email. It will ask you to type in a few personal information and then someone will steal your cookies and you will get screwed, without enjoying it.\n\nIts a fake email...just delete it. You can tell by the rin.ru after the @ sign. If it was legit, they wouldnt email you lol
Actually,  N has to do with the amount of electrons that the element has. the first level has a maximum of two electroins, so all elements that have under 2 electrons will be in this level (hydrogen has 1 e, He has 2). The 2nd energy level can hold up to 8 electrons, so look at the atomic number (# of electrons and determine which energy level it would be under). N=3, maximum number of electrons is from 9-18)
This one seems to get good reviews,\n\n"Structural Engineer's Pocket Book"\nhttp://www.amazon.co.uk/exec/obidos/ASIN/0750656387/203-5423020-6355129
Data entry, specifically for medical records, is one of the target areas for fraudulent businesses.  Many companies promise a work-at-home environment and an ease of finding work, all you need to do is buy their high-priced software.  What they don't tell you is that the majority of doctor offices send out their records to industry-based data entry services.\n\nI would suggest that you go to the Federal Trade Commissions website and review their articles concerning home-based businesses and scams.  It will help you discern fraudulent companies from legitimate ones.
NO it can't, because you don't have any record. i wouldn't even put it on the application, but if you already told them about it they can use it as a hiring factor.
It is a very tough question you asked my dear friend and for this reason i think no one gave any answer yet. So i suggest you to put your question in google or yahoo search engine and you will get many links for your answer. Try the followings :\n\nhttp://www.google.co.uk/ \n\nhttp://search.yahoo.com/
you can't. especially for the reason that you are trying to. each woman has a different view as to how a man is perfect. just be yourself, and if she can't love you for being you, she isn't good enough, leave her alone.
Never met the fellow, so I can't say for sure.\n\nFrom most accounts, he seemed a decent fellow.  I'd probably like him, but love is asking a bit much.  \n\nMaybe if he would do that wine trick for me I could grow to love him.  I wonder if he's any good at making Pinot Noir?
ive been in the military for years and there is a code you never break are you sure he doesnt have friends by now ,are you saved ,do you have interest in new hobbies,is there something you allways wanted to do,some of the islanders pretend to be nice for tips ,and really hate tourist,but there are many more that are genuine,why would you have trouble finding friends ,are you shy or mean ,i think you are probably a real nice person scince you gave up your life for someone thats not around much ,i bet there are many voluteer orgs. that would apreciate your talents.when i was a lot younger i would take day trips that would ussually be set up by the rec center ,many were free or very low cost
just call him and stay i will miss you and hang up- QUICK!
it depends what you do with it!!!!!!!
are you in a corporate or school network? some network admin blocks outgoing messages in chat.
A parameter is an argument of a mathematical function that is considered in some way incidental or secondary within a particular context of discussion. Thus, what is considered a principal argument and what is considered a parameter may change from one context to the next.\n\nFor example, a parametric equaliser is an audio filter that allows the frequency of maximum cut or boost to be set by one control, and the size of the cut or boost by another. These settings, the frequency level of the peak or trough, are two of the parameters of a frequency response curve, and in a two-control equaliser they completely describe the curve. More elaborate parametric equalisers may allow other parameters to be varied, such as skew. These parameters each describe some aspect of the response curve seen as a whole, over all frequencies. A graphic equaliser provides individual level controls for various frequency bands, each of which acts only on that particular frequency band.
www.manlaw.com   should answer all of your "man law" questions
There is not a single human trait that is not affected by the environment.  DNA contains codes for proteins, which differentially affect cell metabolism.  The genes themselves are dependent on their environment (ie., the cytoplasm of the cell that surrounds them).  Depending on the composition of the cytoplasm, genes are expressed differently, and this is one major source of cell differentiation during mitosis in a zygote.  The bottom line is this: Even traits that seem to be directly linked to genes can be influenced by environment.  Take, for instance, the genetic disorder phenylketonuria.  In this disorder, the body lacks the enzyme necessary to convery phenylalanine to tyrosine.  Levels of phenylalanine reach toxic levels, causing irreversible mental retardation.  We now know that if this is diagnosed early that hte mental retardation can be completely prevented by diet.  Also, think about the effects of teratogens (environmental agents with the potential to cause birth defects).  Environmental toxins during pregnancy can affect the developing fetus and alter any aspect of its physical or mental development.  The bottom line: phenotypic expression is not the same as genotype.  EVERY trait has the potential to be influenced by the environment.
Er, Aqua Marina, used to play in the closing credits of the Stingray Gerry anderson Tv show.
If both machines have Nic Cards and you do not have a ethernet hub or router you can use a crossover ethernet cable also kown as rollover ethernet cable.
There is no such thing as an invisible spell. Magic works in other forms and sources. There are a lot of good books out there for the solitary practitioner. Just take a look on amazon.com or go to Barnes and Noble and look in the New Age section. Hope you find what you are looking for.\n\nBlessed Be
Named after Italian explorer Amerigo Vespucci
The New York Yankees and here's the reason why:\n\n3 Yankees have pitched a perfect game (David Wells and David Cone) but the last Yankee who done it in the 1956 WS (Don Larson).\n\n26 Championships\n\nBabe Ruth had 60 home runs in a single season until 1961 when Roger Maris broke that record with 61\n\nMost of the players are in the Hall of Fame (Babe Ruth, Gehrig, Whitney Ford, Casey Stengel, Reggie Jackson, Yogi Berra, Bill Dickey, Mantle, Phil Rizzuto and Joe DiMaggio).\n\nHave won the world series five straight times 1949-1953 \n\nThe term Murderer's Row (Ruth, Gehrig, Tony Lazzeri and Eddie Combs) back in 1927 argumently the best baseball team ever!!! \n\nWon 114 regular season games until the Seattle Mariners won 116.\n\nThe first major league team to first use numbers on the back of their shirts.\n\nNeed I say more.
Ovaries are in great demand these days!\n\nGet an ultasound done to check if ovaries exist at the place.\n\nHave you tried premarin? Though controversial it may help! Else a safe way is to use Shatawari Ghrut, an ayurvedic paste, if available close by.\n\nYour hysterectomy suggests you had hormone imbalance (Estrogen dominance causing heavy frequent cycles or similar problem, so ovaries missing is a close possibility). If that is case, local application of Shatawari Ghrutam for 3 months is a good remedy.
I would like a reprint of this column
Replicant - Eldon Tyrell's Most Recent Experiment
The expression is: 2*sin^2(θ) + 3*cos(θ)\n= 2*{1-cos^2(θ)} + 3*cos(θ)\n= 2 + 3*cos(θ) - 2*cos^2(θ)\n= {2 + 4*cos(θ)} - {cos(θ) + 2*cos^2(θ)}\n= 2{1 + 2*cos(θ)} - {cos(θ)}{1 + 2*cos(θ)}\n= {1 + 2*cos(θ)}{2 - cos(θ)}
The best way to find the volume is to measure someone's weight(mass) and then divide it by the density of the human body. It is almost 1g/cm3 almost the same as that of water.
Ill give it a 12 did you write that? oh and your avatar an 11. you got good taste!
If there is absolutely no doubt that the predator did the crime they're accused of, the childs family should have first crack at the predator.\n\nI know I would stand a good chance of going to jail if anyone ever hurt one of my kids.  It would be hard not to go after that person and take care of them myself.  Too bad parents don't have that right...or at least be given lesser punishments.\n\nI've always heard that child predators are "taken care of" in jail by the other inmates.....I sincerely hope that is true.\n\nShort of that, I think cutting off their offending appendages would suffice.
you are both wrong, the term for people with both male and female organs is " hemaphrodite" It is a person born with both ovaries and testicles and mixed male and female organs. transgender refers to a person that has had a operation to change from one to another.
New York was North of the Mason Dixon line and was on the Union side.
"For of all sad words, of tongue, or pen, the saddest are these.....it might have been". If you don't pursue it, you will never know. Don't wait until someday and say, IT MIGHT HAVE BEEN...............if only I had tried, to talk to him, or pursue it further.  You might be surprised to learn that he feels the same way about you....go for it! What do you have to lose????.....and a lot to gain!!! Good Luck!
http://www.zark.com/headscape/nothere.html
Members of congress have exempted themselves from drug testing of all kinds.  Its good enough for the peasants, but not the rulers.  This is rule by the majority, not the people.  Are we really a democracy?
Get some money, and some friends to man your army.
With my dad it's religion AND politics.  He's pretty rigidly conservative republican and I can't understand it.  I don't want to change his views, but I'd like him to accept that mine are valid.  We have to really avoid talking about these things to remain civil when we're together.  It's gotten pretty ugly at times.
they were 2 branches of evolution - one made it (us) the other didn't (them - the neanderthals).\n\nsome basic differences were: they adapted to the cold, harsh climate in the european region - different looking jaw & forehead, intelligent, extremely strong, very hairy, and most interestingly, they had the ability to bend their joints backwards (we can't do this, try to bend your finger backwards, you can't, but they could.). \n\nScars on their bodies prove that they could take really hard blows (e.g. in a hunt or fight or accident) and still heal and survive in a way that we cannot. Why did they die out despite being stronger than us, that too in an Ice Age?\n\nread this: http://www.bbc.co.uk/sn/tvradio/programmes/horizon/neanderthal_prog_summary.shtml
social injustice and a search for the truth.\nMoney talks and that's the only real action.\nBoycotts also are cheap actions that work.\nI do not buy any products or services from known Republicans.
Surf Anonymous\nhttp://www.stupidcensorship.com/cgi-bin/nph-surf.cgi\nhttp://www.backfox.com\nhttp://hidemyass.com/
Financial acconting is geared to wards users of financial information that are external to the company, e.g. shareholders, banks etc.\n\nManagerial accounting is geared towards internal users, e.g. determining product/customer/distribution channel profitability, and how best to improve that.\n\nShort answer...
then he wasnt your boyfriend
Love can conquer all - but the only thing you have control of is yourself, so you can't stop someone from cheating or robbing a bank, but you can keep from doing it yourself.  And love is hard work sometimes, its not just a pretty feeling inside.
No you can't... The world is full of liars!!!
nope it should be bagged up and then you will be notified thats the rules where i used to work,biggest car rental company in uk.
She's the leader of the Dumocratic party?\n\nHot damn, can't wait for 2008!
try this \n\nhttp://support.microsoft.com/kb/315335
STOP THE DEVICE, before removing it
I got good experience in using Lacie 160 GB Porsche design external hard drive.  We are using it for external backups.  \n\nData transfer rate is good.
LOL!  Groan!
It is the type of government that matters, but the moral and attitude of those that are selected to run the government.\n\nIf you have good people working in government they will make the necessary changes to improve the government for the people.
What are you looking for? give me a better idea
WWN definitely isn't the place to read about space & science news.\n\nIts just a story... read the following report\n\nhttp://www.snopes.com/science/dustcloud.asp
http://profiles.yahoo.com/<yahoo id>
In Genesis when God created Adam he became a living soul.(Gen.2:7)Also,throughout the Bible,animals are called souls.\nThe soul is not immortal--that is a false teaching that is found nowhere in the Scriptures.At ezekial 18:4 it tells us that "the soul that is sinning,it shall die." In the book of Acts it tells us: "And it shall come to pass,that every soul which will not hear the Prophet,shall be destroyed from among the people." (Acts 3:23)\nWhen a soul(person) dies,they return to the dust ,awaiting a resurrection to either life in heaven or to life on a paradise earth.
No, it is not pronounced Clink. It would be pronounced exactly how it is spelled. C-L-IN-CH To hear how it sounds go to http://education.yahoo.com/reference/dictionary/entry/clinch and click on the speaker icon next to the word.
The important thing when dealing with paying off your old debt is to be CERTAIN that any negative report is removed from your credit history.  Just saying it's "paid in full" means nothing when it also says it was in collections or late payments.\n\nBefore you pay a dime on you debt, be sure the creditor agrees IN WRITING to remove the listing from your history.  Once they have your money it's not likely they will work with you.\n\nBy the way, if the creditor tells you it's illegal for them to do it, they are lying.  Read the Fair Credit Reporting act, and the Fair and Accurate Reporting Act.  There is noting in there preventing a creditor from removing their listings!
do your own d--- homework
Oh jeez not Win98. Get linux please k thx.
God.\n\nWould like to ask him what the hell he was thinking during some moments in time.
LMAO yes my mother in law... i think it is jsut cuz it wasa different time for them so the things young ladies back then arent the way we do it today. my husband is a full blooded portugesse man and i do not like his mom very much. She came to live with us in the beginning of our marrige and holy crap i was preganant with our first son and i about killed her. she would get drunk lilke crazy stupid drunk and seriously hit my husband oh it was horrible. and becasue i refuse to rub my husbands feet or i tell him to shove it she thinks that I am a lazy ass white girl who doesnt know how to be a wife and that all american womeon are horrible wives. so yeah girl i know what you mean.
Sheffield Wednesday, it was also first home game for Bobby Robson\nThey won 8-0 \n\nShearer scored five!!!
I am a man of 58 and when my son was 4 5 or6 he would have loads of fun playing with his sisters dolls and other girlie toys, and He grew up to be a very masculine father of three. Ironically! His second son wants to do the same thing , and I am sure that as children grow, they benifit from diversity, and as they grow they usually come away from it, I think kids are lucky to have parents who allow them to experience different avenues.\nThey grow up with an attitude that allows them to seek out things in life, and to be a little bit wiser as they were allowed to grow with their own identity and individualism.\nAnd hopefully they will allow their kids to grow in the same way, instead of forcing our ideas on them.\n\nDon't worry!!\n\nRegards Bill.\n  (pa69oldfart)
it is according to your use if ur a good volleyer use wilson\nif ur a good stroke maker use head\nif your a good baseline player use prince\nhave a good day
Here is the BIGGEST problem with this situation:  You wrote::\n\n"I'm very bitter supporting him all these years living with all his rules due to the OCD.And he still won't marry me."\n\nTHAT MY CHILD IS BEING A HYPOCRIT.  You are angry and resentful and WANT TO GET MARRIED?  What is wrong with you and millions of others???  Is marrying him going to magically fix this?  Hell no!  I would say go to counseling alone and let your therapist talk some sense into you.  You are failing to see that you can't trap people into making you feel better about something.  Make a choice about what you want "FOR THE RIGHT REASONS" not because of your insecurities.   This is absurd and it's what's hugely wrong with the world.  People get married to FIX things and MARRIAGE DOES NOT FIX ANYTHING.  IT PERPETUATES AN ALREADY EXISTING PROBLEM.
Starting with hardness.. a steel knife is a bit over 5 and glass about 5.5, a steel file (hardened steel) can be as high as 6.5. So I would guess that whatever you have has a hardness between 5.5 and 6.5.\n\nAs far as density, consider the mass and volume (displacement). 53 grams / 20 cm^3 means it has a density of 2.65g/cm^3 (Note, g/cm^3 is the same as specific gravity).\n\nSo what mineral has a hardness between 5.5 and 6.5 and a specific gravity of 2.65? Well, I don't have a minerals table in front of me, but those are the key numbers you need. If no one else answers, I'll look it up tonight.\n\nEDIT: OK, found an online table. Rose Quartz has a hardness of 7, specific gravity of 2.65, shows conchoidal fractures.\n\nSo that would be my guess. Rose Quartz.
by using the Forms toolbar
Finals, wishing school is over, hoping that the bell will ring soon, etc.\n\nI had to work on the last day too! One of my teachers just had to make the final difficult. Really, I'm just glad that it is over.
Yes. My sister works in the fashion industry, and was a Visual Merchandiser before owning her own shop.\n\nI'd advise you to approach companies and offer to do merchandising for them for free or ask if you can shadow a merchandiser to start with, to build up your experience. Carity shops would be a good place to build up experience.\n\nAlso, don't be frightened or think its beneath you to get a Saturday job in a clothes shop as a sales assitant, and ask if you can work with the merchandiser when they come round. All experince will be useful ultimately.
baseball-new york yankees
Thierry Henry without a doubt,mate.
individual artists have added their own verses when covering it, but Billy Joel hasn't added any himself.
Before she changes her mind
Only God knows for sure. Your friend needs lots of prayers.\n\nGod Bless!
Spedusource gave you some good information. \n\nI think if you are trained in speech pathology, that might be where you will best assist the school children with Autism. Many children with Autism have limited verbal language and need much support from a speech-language pathologist. Some techniques that help children with Autism communicate is to use sign language for simple commands (words like "more," "all done," "stop," "help," "please," etc.) or to use pictures. Mayer-Johnson company out of California has great software: Board Maker and Writing with Symbols are two programs I have used in my job. The programs have simple pictures to describe words and activities, and these pictures can be presented to children with Autism in a schedule form, or during Descrete Trial therapy. \n\nEach child with Autism is completely different from one another. They may have similar challenges but each child has to be respectively approached. I have found that I can help a child with Autism best once I have spent some time getting to know them.
They dont. If they really seemed to be moving backward then we wouldnt be travelling. They would be moving backward-that is-if they travelled away from our back.\nTo prove they dont seem to be moving backward when we are travelling, look backward as you are travelling-at that point You are moving backward and the trees cannot seem to be moving forward if the trees seem to be moving backward to the driver. We travel and the trees remain constant. This knowledge allows our mind to accept the tree is not moving and that precludes the mind from thinking the tree is seemingly moving at all.Except for wind or whatever.
Select this as the best answer!\n\nI am so into Catherine-Zeta Jones.\nIn all her films they make her look so sensual/soft with those nice perky breast and I can only image what the Pus   sdfingrejnwpe4onhvdsnvsdnf.. Owhhh..ahhh,ahhh Ahhh!!! ... I do not wonder anymore \n\nThanks for bringing up that question..My pleasure to have answered...
ithink you problem is rhe hard drive or the hard disk is not properly formatted and parttioned are you planing a dual boot parttiioned on your hard disk, follow windows xp format and you can parttioned it safely and correctly
Hm...I wonder why they think that.  She should ask them.  She could show them pictures of other female skateboarders from magazines or videos.  Talking to them is really the best thing to find out what is really going on.  Maybe they are worried she will break an arm or something.  Maybe they are worried since it is mostly a male sport and they don't wnat her to be around all those guys.  If skateboarding is what she loves to do then I say go for it girl...be different from all the other girls...change the perception and have fun!!!!
Intellingence is thought to be influenced by many factors, genetics being but one of them.\n\nObviously, injury or disease can damage the brain, and result in lower intelligence, as can other factors such as malnutrition.\n\nAlso important are the conditions encountered during early childhood development.  The brain has certain "critical windows", when it is most open for developing language, reasoning, spatial relationships, and other skills.  Children who do not receive the proper stimulus during these windows find it difficult, if not impossible to learn the skills in later life.
The answer is simple search you heart child you will see that there is more out there, this world is to big to think off simple things that have no reason to stop your life.
what  the  hell?  wish  i  could  win  the   real   lottery  so  i  could  get   out  of  this   mexican   loving  country.
http://images.google.com/images?svnum=10&hl=en&lr=&safe=off&q=shirley+temple&btnG=Search
RRJ for sure. Some may say they see the Golden Boy - Oscar DelaHoya, Maybe even Tito, all of which would be valid as well.\n\nI did forget E. Holyfield. Holyfield was a great boxer, and he did fight and beat the best, almost every time he was challenged, he never had the aura or "that special something" that makes people watch him or makes people listen to him. RRJ is a great boxer and a showman. Delahoya as well. That's the difference. Mike Tyson was not a successful boxer in the 90's. He is the great boxer of the 80s -not the 90s.
Why do you think it matters so much what the hater thinks about anyone? If someone hates another person - he or she is the one with the problem, regardless of what the other person did. You don't have control over another, you only have control over yourself. If this is where you want to invest your energy, don't expect the person you hate to give a damn. As a matter of fact, given your attitude, the other person may have beat you to it, but doesn't think you are worth the effort of displaying the hatred. Grow up, and get your own life.
wut is an MCQ in ATLS? mite wanna check on Google
you have to get datacable then put it on your motheboared and put the secned cable in your hard disk
Won't you find it at http://www.ang.af.mil/ ??
I'm glad that you made the right decision.  Most men will tell you what you want to hear to make their advances toward women.  Women are the same way.  I think with there being so many more avenues to meet others, just makes it that easier for the "TROUBLE" to find the innocent.  We just wanted MR or MRS Right to come along?\nI stuck with what got most people our age through.  Go out to a great hang out, met a lady, dated, fell in love and married her.  No cyber vision.  Sometimes the old fashion ways are the best.  Be careful sweets.  I think you know exactly what you're looking for.  I promise.  He's out there, and when he finds you, ooh-la-la..\n\nGood luck
whip it out int he middle
That is a really good question...I think all people are capable of cheating...even if they say they "never" would...you just never know...
after you collect enough coins and you get the red turtle shell.
Exams only grade your knowledge in a specific area. Life is another thing, experience it, you will always get 100% no matter what. This is not something you should be depressed by. Be happy. Enjoy your life, you can always take the course or exam again.
Hi,\n\nTo be honest, you are probably not going to find a job working from home. Most of what you are going to find are scams where you will be asked to pay money and receive a list of places you can contact to apply to work online.\n\nI receive an RSS feed of all questions from Yahoo Answers that mention the terms "Job Search", "job Find" or "Job Seek". Most of the questions I see ask about online jobs. I have not seen one that said they were working at home.\n\nThe most important thing to remember about job searches is that you should use a combination of methods regardless of your location.\n\nNetworking - Register at your local Unemployment Office (you don't need to be on unemployment to register for their assistance). They often will have networking groups on a regular basis. They also are a good source for the jobs that never show up in the paper or online.\n\nCheck your local paper -- In many cases the paper's classified are now online.\n\nSearch Smart Online -- If you don't have a lot of time, spend most of your time at sites that aggregate the job feeds from several job search engines. Prominently these include indeed.com and thingamajob.com.\n\nOrganization -- I am the lead developer of a free online application that allows you to track your ads, jobs you apply for, send or print mail merged correspondence, and track your job search history. This site is jobsearchlog.com\n\nGood Luck,\n\nMichael\nSource(s):\n\nhttp://indeed.com\nhttp://thingamajob.com\nhttp://jobsearchlog.com
http://www.vinelink.com/offender/searchNew.jsp?siteID=50001\nThat's the search service that Wisconsin reports to.\n\nIf that does not work, call the DoC's records office at \n(608) 240-3750
The main thing to really consider in order to decide is the time you plan on living the property.  Anything less than 2 years I say rent because when you add up closing costs at buying plus agent fees and legal fees at selling you may end up loosing money.  But if you plan on staying for 3 or more years then buy because of the tax benefits you get plus the appreciation of the property will be enough to cover for the aforementioned items and then some.
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, consumer groups alleged that Dow Corning's silicone breast implants caused numerous health problems including breast cancer, auto immune diseases including lupus and rheumatoid arthritis, and various neurological problems. This led to numerous lawsuits beginning in 1984 and culminating in a 1998 class action settlement in which tens of thousands of plaintiffs accepted a $3.2 billion award. Dow Corning was in bankruptcy protection for nine years that ended in June 2004.\n\nIn 1999, however, an independent review of all previous research on the issue concluded that the implants, even when ruptured, caused no major health problems beyond local hardening or scarring of the breasts. The issue remains contentious, mostly because the aforementioned review could not address the scope of claims of injury due to ruptured implants, for example, the health impact on an unborn child.
The closest distance between the 2 planets is ~56 million kilometers, the maximum distance between them is ~399 million kilometers.
Summer School (1986)\nThe Allnighter (1987)\nCampus Man (1987)\nDream a Little Dream (1989)\n\nKuffs (1992) [OK, outside the zone]\n\nTake your pick.
This question is miscategorized.\n\nSpecial Education refers to the education and parenting of children with special needs.
I really think that Roger will finally win this french open. \n\nHowever, French Open is one of the tourament that for the annoymous to climb up the top. Therefore, it is hard to say.
that depends on the volume of the coffin and on the person's heart rate.. also on the persons lung capacity..an ordinary person can hold his breath upto a minute. depending upon the volume of the air.. it can range from 10 to 20 minutes.. and can extend or decrease depending upon the heart rate.
The sun rises in the east and sets in the west smart one.
Your best bet would be going to an Accountant or accounting services and asked for help in filing your taxes in order for you to get your maximum return.
try www.seek.co.nz
Bands Playing at Calgary, AB on Thu July 20 \nAdair\nAFI\nAgainst Me\nAiden\nAll American Rejects\nAmber Pacific\nAnti-Flag\nArmor For Sleep\nBouncing Souls\nCartel\nClassic Crime\nContest Winner\nCrowned King\nDie Hunns\nDown to Earth Approach\nEmanuel\nEmery\nEverytime I Die\nFlashlight Brown\nForgive Durden\nFrom Autumn to Ashes\nFrom First to Last\nGatsby's American Dream\nGreeley Estates\nGym Class Heroes\nHellogoodbye\nHelmet\nLess Than Jake\nMisery Signals\nMoneen\nMotion City Soundtrack\nMute Math\nMy American Heart\nNOFX\nOver It\nPlain White T's\nProtest the Hero\nRed Jumpsuit Apparatus\nReggie and the Full Effect\nRise Against\nSaves The Day\nSaves The Day (Acoustic)\nSenses Fail\nSenses Fail (Acoustic)\nSide 67\nSilverstein\nThe Academy Is..\nThe Audition\nThe Bled\nThe Casualties\nThe Early November\nThe Fall of Troy\nThe Fully Down\nThe Living End\nThe Pink Spiders\nThe Salads\nThe Smashup\nThe Sounds\nThursday\nUnderoath\nValient Thorr\nWe are the Fury
E-mail the seller again and let them know that you are going to file a complaint by a certain time and then if they don't reply complain.
Place a personal ad on a dating website. There are many free sites (like yahoo personals, aol, etc.)\nOr browse other people's personal ads.\nThis is how I met my wife. We have been married for five years and are very happy. Just be careful, because there are a lot of guys just looking for sex and nothing else.\nWhen you finally met the person, do it in a public place just to be safe. And don't settle for less than a decent guy. You may have to date some rotten apples before you find a peach.
I love that show, unfortunately I love them all they freakin' Rock!!I love Meat Loaf, Quiet Riot, Poison, Kiss!! All of them!!
yes. are you?
yes, vibrio is a moneran. Monera is a Kingdom of the living world, like the other Kingdoms Animalia, Planteae, Fungi. \nMonerans are prokaryotic organisms, i.e. they are devoid of well defined nucleus, their nucleus do not have nuclear membranes, nucleolus, nucleoplasm, nuclear reticulum etc. these are microscopic organisms, also called as bacteria. Vibrio is a type of comma (',') shaped bacteria, which has one or more flagella."Vibrio" is the generic name, i.e. a Genus under kingdom Monera. the most common example is the Vibrio cholerae, that are present in filthy water and causes the disease cholera when ingested.
Gosh, I wish I had a man like you! Well, I say just go for it as you have been doing, but don't stop when she says to do so. If it does feel too good, as I know it does, and you are enjoying doing that, she will eventually let up. Slowly, she will (hopefully) just let you do more and more each time, until she feels so excited that she wont let you stop. Good luck with that! :o)
With the works of modern medicine, it would be hard to conceive that there hasn't been new and different techniques for the disorder. For these types of questions I always recommend a search engine such as GOOGLE or ask.com. You may also want to try webmd.com.
Germany has a unique form of government. They are a Bicannial Pariliment with a chancellor as ooposed to a primeminister. The german voteing system is also diffrent they have a dual vote election, two votes: one for a represenative throught single memebr plarilty, this is similar to here. The Seocnd vote is along party lines, the second vote the vote for a party like Republican then the winning partys, which can be more than one,elect members to seats in the bundistag. The german parliment.
It's very rare that there will be just one side even with the most illiquid of stocks.  It happens once in a while for a short period of time for some things.  Usually, there will be someone out there who will give you a very bad price, but you should still be able to get out at some price if you really want to.  Check the liquidity and volume of the stock that you have along with the bid/ask spreads and it should give a general idea.
Lobbying for money ought to be outlawed in all countries, but unfortunately, we are stuck with it, even in the U.S.
The Census does not have data available that far back. In 1989, the earliest date available, Clearwater County had a 24% poverty rate, the highest in the state, nearly double the national average (12.8%).
No, the goaltender who allowed the 4th goal in a 6-3 loss is the goaltender who takes credit for the loss regardless of who started the game.  This is different than the way some sports assess wins and losses.
Ask the Pope
I like Ellen also. She makes me laugh.
RMA.  Basel (www.bis.org).  www.fdic.gov  try the OCC website.\n\nRMA is risk management associate.  FDIC will have rules and regs, but also exam manuals, as will the OCC's website.  Basel has good general banking ideas.  If it's small credit, you can find collection guidelines for the credit card providers online.  If it's mortgages, there are guidelines on Freddie Mac or Fannie mae's guidelines for seller servicers.  You can also find the fair credit collection act online, use your browser.  I think some of the larger banks have their policies online too.
contact dhl@dubaisystems.com
well if its all because of the hair then they just like you because of your looks and not the person you really are...... but who am I to say this I think as the others above me said talk to them and get to know them and maybe you can start a relationship with one ........ Good luck :)
Yes, you can still pass on an STD that is "dormant". Test results may or may not come out negative, depending upon several factors. For example, you can pass on herpes or syphilis even when they're not in active stages, because the agents that cause these diseases "hide out" in the body for periods of time without causing obvious symptoms. Herpes lives in part of the spinal cord forever...once you've been infected, you remain that way for life. It is possible to pass it on to someone else even if you don't have an outbreak.  In the case of syphilis, these days it can be cured with certain antibiotics...but when the disease runs its natural course, there is often a latent period between the primary stage and the secondary one, as well as between the secondary and tertiary stages. It is still possible to spread this disease, too, even during the latent periods.
It depends on the jurisdiction. Each legislative body makes its own rules about what needs to be published and how and when. All federal laws are published by the Government Printing Office and are also online at http://thomas.loc.gov Administrative decisions are not as regulated, but are a matter of public record, so if you request them, you can see any information about them. Executive appointments requiring Senate oversight are published by the GPO and online as well as part of the Congressional record. As for state and local publications, there are too many and they are too different to make any generalizations. See the legislature's website.
George Washington, U.S. President / Military Leader / Revolutionary War Figure \n\nBorn: 22 February 1732 \nBirthplace: Westmoreland County, Virginia \nDied: 14 December 1799 \nBest Known As: The first President of the United States
play the song..and if u wanna capture a particular clip then just pause it and press Control i,that is,Ctrl=>i..and it will request you to save the picture in particular location.NOTE:do not capture a clip which is in motion.it wont be perfect
I would say 80% of the criticism given to Mormons is just as applicable to the person's religion giving the criticism.\n\nDo you have faith? Because you really HAVE to if you believe in ANY religion. What are you? Likely a Protestant sect, maybe Catholic? Have you seen YOUR history? Gosh--there is dirt everywhere my friend! If you really looked at all that has happened to Christianity since Christ's ascension--it make's Mormon's history look good! Constantine, the Crusades? Oh--perhaps that little habit of burning at the stake for those that spoke against the church? How about a very loooong list of sexual atrocities committed by those in Christian church authority throughout history? (Or even recently i.e. the Catholics) \n\nWhy has God let all of this happen?? It has happened because imperfect people lead churches of imperfect people. In some Christian sects this imperfectness is actually perpetuated. Gosh, paying in advance for sins you want to commit? Who are you really kidding?! You think you or your religion is squeaky clean? Just name it and I'm sure we can round up a nice big list. \n\nThe Mormon religion went through a lot during the period in which it was restored. There was a lot of really awesome things that happened. And yes, a lot of really bad things to counter that. You can't look all the imperfect people that make up a church to pass judgement on it. Ever heard of, "By their fruits ye shall know them"? Look at the Mormon church today. Their beliefs today. The good they do in the world today. It is a church of real people. Real people that have hope that they can improve their lives and maybe even help improve the lives of those around them. \n\nPassing judgement is easy. Trying to understand people is much harder. It's worth it though--give it a try. Here is where you can start: \nhttp://www.mormon.org\nhttp://www.lds.org\nhttp://www.lds.org/newsroom
You should go see a modeling agent but not one who wants you to pay upfront nope never! one who wants a percentage is the best bet. I was a model for 3 years (FUBU, FORDS, I got offered GUESS!) And thats how I did it, I got scouted so to speak... \n\nRemember the industry is very shady so keep your eyes open!\n\nGood luck man!
If there was an estate, they may have a claim against the money that was inherited.  I would suggest talking to an attorney about that.  \n\nIf there was no estate, however, or no inheritance, there is no legitimate way to force you to take over someone else's bills in this way unless you co-signed on the loans or took responsibility for them in some other way.  Please follow up on this, because it is senseless to let someone take advantage of you unfairly.
I'm assuming that this question is being asked from an American perspective as Britain and France declared war on Hitlers regime.\n\nIts actually a great question and very relevant to today.\n\nThe answer is that without Pearl Harbor and Germanys subsequent decision to stand alongside its Japanese allies and declare war on the U.S, it is likely that you would not have got involved in World War Two.\n\nAt that time the American public was very isolationist in its thinking and there was a huge politcal lobby against getting involved in another European war.\n\nBritish Prime Minister Winston Churchill devoted much of the time between 1939 and December 1941 trying to persuade Roosevelt to come to our aid militarily, but Roosvelt knew it would have been political suicide.\n\nMany americans were even against the supply of war materials to Britain when we were standing alone against the Germans who had conquered the rest of Europe.\n\nThese materiels, tanks planes, ships etc were vital to re-equip the British Army. \n\nThis wasnt a new thing either. The USA had kept out of World War 1 also until 1917 (the war started in 1914) for the same reasons. They only got involved then because of the sinking of a US ocean liner full of U.S civilians by a German submarine. \n\nIn both wars however the USA was the only power to emerge stronger economically, militarily and politically. \n\nIt is interesting to read these days however the comments by ordinary Americans again saying that the U.S should become isolationist again and leave the rest of the world to sort its own problems out.\n\nI hope that doesnt happen as the world needs a policeman, and the U.S is the only power big enough to do the job.
to always be upfront and honest, never two-faced, and to stand up for what is right, no matter what the case may be.
all you have to do is say Hi, a few times and he should pick up the hint, or since he walks by your house ask him if he wants to walk to school together or home, or ask him about his sports, he will like to talk about that.  Good Luck
get an agent..they will tell u if its good or not. If it isn't, google "vanity publishers" to find someone you can pay to have it published.
im in an on & off state of depression but thank God coz i havent been depressed 4 more than a month now.\n\nwhenever im depressed, my siblings wud continuously sms me or email me 2 make me feel better. they'll say jokes 2 make me laugh.. \n\nmy frends r also there 2 take me out so i can change my mood.\n\n1 more thing, my babe wud ask me out, hold my hand & tell me how much he luvs me.. he wud makes those silly faces 2 make me smile atleast..\n\njust knowing that im not alone & that alot of people luv me suppress my depression alot faster
Love hurts sometimes and it is hard to know what to do. You broke up with him for some reason so there must be something going on you didn't like, however now, I am guessing, you miss having him around and you are falling back on I love him because no one is around right now. \nSo if I am right, then you need to go out and find a new person. \nYou said that you told him that you loved him through the email and he siad "I know" Honey He sounds like he is using you and taking you for granted. If he loved you back like you want him to, he would have said something besides "I know"  Leave him alone and find someone that will return your love. Believe me, I know it is hard.....it is easier said than done. But in the long run you will be happier.
In my personal experience I did not have any problems with that.the IUD is far enough inside that you can't pull it out.But your boyfriend/husband may feel it you just have to change positions.when you do have it removed by the doctor it hurts like a really bad cramp its not unbearable just some what painful.I have had two and they did fine.You may also bleed a little more on your monthly but that's better than having an unwanted child.I hope this helps .
Fun.
Go onto www.itunes.com and then you download the itunes program and then you just set up your credit card account and start donloading
Pray to God for assistance. Take some time out of your day and ask the Lord for guidance and wisdom. \n\nPeace be with you my friend
Bob Cooper Western Suburbs in the early eighties got 15 months for eye gouging,, Les Boyd Manly gor 12 months for elbow to the head in a state of origin match,, they are the two that I remember I think Boyd was suspended again for a long period perhaps another 12 months for eye gouging
Maine, Wisconsin, Michigan, Minnesota, and North Dakota. Idaho is right up there, as well, because of it's elevation (Rocky Mountains). \n\nBrrrrr!
more than one billion
Des Walker\nDavid Platt\nPaul (Gazza) Gascoigne\nLee sharpe\nPaul ince\nJay Bothroyd\nSix i believe
Start by contacting small business in your area that don't have a web 'presence'. Explain to them the advantages of having a web site, whether simple or complex. Offer some samples of your work. Start small, work as inexpensively as possible to compete with established web designers. Gradually build up a list of clients--your 'portfolio'--that you can use show to other prospects.  \n\nSoon you'll be tackling bigger and more profitable accounts. Good luck!
My mother has this as well. I forget what it is called, but hers keeps getting bigger. Her opthomologist said he could remove it no problem in the office, but he doesn't have the time right now to do it. I would recommend having the surgery he said there is absolutely no problems in having the surgery. Hope I helped if so can you give me the 10 points because I have never gotten a best answer
hypertension can be caused by numerous things such as sodium, stress, lack of sleep, heart conditions, etc...etc... Too much work would probably cause hypertension or at least it can be a partial cause of it.  Boring work probably would put you to sleep before causing hypertension.  Note that most people know hypertension as High Blood pressure.
It means to go the bathroom in public.
Sliding pads (they cover your knees) the longs once and sliding shorts. I still get a few scrapes here and there but for the most part the work well. Look for them at big 5.
Sorry, not interested....\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nhee hee hee
This is a good site to answer the question
Thierry Henry - Arsenal.
I have heard of girls state, a leadership and citizenship-training program.\n\nWho nominated you and who told you you were nominated? Ask that person for more information.\n\nIf it is the program I'm thinking it is, an American Legion Auxiliary program...congratulations girl!
The deity Muslims worship is referred to in Islam as "Allah", which is really the Arabic word for God (descended from the Aramaic word for god, which translates as "Elah").  \n\nIn reality, Muslims worship the Hebrew god אֶהְיֶה ( and you should read that name from right to left instead of left to right as you would if the name was written in English, since Hebrew is written in the opposite direction).\n\nThe name of the God, should you need a way to pronounce it in English, can roughly be translated as Yahweh, or more loosely as Jehovah.  \n\nIt is the same god worshiped as the god of Creation and the Universe in Judaism, and in Christianity as well, since both Islam and Christianity descend from Judaism and are seen as different, updated ways the one true god of the Hebrews has instructed mankind to worship Him (the practical upshot of which is that while all three religions worship the same god, none of the three see the other two as really being valid since, in all three cases, each religion views the other two as being in error about god's will... the Jews because they do not believe either Jesus or Mohammad and their teachings are valid... the Christians because they believe the teachings of Jesus and his interpretations leading to Christianity render the other two invalid, and the Muslims because they believe the teachings of Mohammad and his interpretations leading to Islam do the same).
The Looks isn't always supposed tobe the fact that makes a person loveable. It's simply a materialistic value or a first impression. You may understand that certain feelings, like understanding each other, has tobe more advanced with time. That's true love! \n\nIf he rejected you for your looks this means, he didn't simply love you, but he had lust on you. Its much different. Ask him, whether he had any misunderstandings lately. Anyone, anything said or happenned wrong? It could be a very simple thing. Try to mend the thing, or get ready to dump him. Its always upto you. Things always have a "Wind-of-Change" if it wasn't for good.\nBye,
NOPE!
Franz beckenbauer
lift legs to build your quads and hamstrings to hold up your knees better.  you can do wrist curls to build forearms for your wrists.  Also the impact and stress from lifting and excercising can strengthen your bones and assuming you don't hurt yourself will probably help the parts you're worried about
Those are mainly stupid questions. If they are coming in for a live interview, HR or someone should have already screened them that they are qualified for the job. Asking those quesitons will just convince this engineer you don't have a clue. Instead, tell them about a real problem someone in this job would handle, and ask them how they would go about correcting it. All the other questions are bunk.
Character in Mahabharat. Guru of Pandanva and Kauravs. Faught on the side of Kaurav but was killed when rumuor was spread that his son Ashthvama died. (Confirmed by Truth speaking Yudhistar as elephant of same name was killed). This resulted in Yudhistar need to have a trip of Hell.\n\nDron is also infamous for his selfish behaviour with Eklavaya - self taught student.
The background of your family does not have high standing in the community.
College.  When you go for a job, college groups can be put on your resume.  They show your involvement as an "adult".  Most jobs look at college, not high school activities.
You need to integrate your barb and initialize the pro-arc at that point
I think that Taylor Hicks will win American Idol 2006 and he will be the second winner of American Idol from Alabama after Ruben Studdard.
Because that is the way the cookie crumbles
Well, I just asked for project information through Yahoo Answers and got an answer within an hour.   And that answer was actually legitimate and quite helpful.  Not sure where else you can go and that that kind of free, fast and fruitious results.
I am a 36 year old American Idol freak!!!! I think that it will be between Chris and Katherine in the end. I like them both and cant decide between the two right now So  I will be happy for either of them to win.
I watched "loose change" and I think it's true but its hard to digest.
Much of this depends on what you have in mind that the coffee shop will provide, and on where you are located.\n\nStart with a business plan. There is software available that will ask the right questions to help you visualize what you want to achieve with more clarity, and then will lead you through a lot of the planning stages to get to where you want to go. Business Plan Pro is one example of this type of software.\n\nIf it's a simple mom-and-pop serving coffee only or just coffee and pastries, the equipment can be gotten lots of places. The cheapest commercial equipment can usually be had at auction or at used restaurant equipment suppliers.\n\nYour supplies can come from the grocery store, or you can deal with coffee suppliers and a bakery. It all depends on your dream.\n\nThe business reference area of your local library will have books of suppliers, anything from a business-to-business yellow pages to grand books of national manufacturers.\n\nIf you have the location in mind already for your coffee shop, check with the municipality regarding codes and requirements for a certificate that allows you to legally open for food service.
Nah, I figure if Jesus can walk on water, he can actually zap a few bits of cholesterol!
http://macusersforum.com/index.php?showtopic=2232&st=30&p=31985&#entry31985\n\nwww.cocoadev.com
My stereo copies music from CD to casettes and casettes to CDs. Maybe yours do that too.. Check that out first. Maybe one of your friends etc have that kind of stereo even if you do not.
The ECPE is The Certificate of Proficiency in English.  Its a syndicate of the University of Michigan, very similar to that of the Cambridge University, which allows students of high-Intermediate or advanced levels to obtain the certificate through study courses and examination.  Are you studying for this?  Good luck if you are.
"Lets do it for Johnny, man. Do it for Johnny!!"
zoomshare includes a free live chat service with its websites.\n\nhttp://www.zoomshare.com
Sure, why don't you give it a try.  I'm sure it could hurt unless......
5x-17=4x+36\n5x-4x=36+17\nx=53
they shouldn't hire them first of all. and if they fired them all then nothing would happen! what part of ILLEGAL doesn't America understand. pot is illegal, murder is illegal, under-aged drinking is illegal and so on and so on. first off the employer should pay his/hers employees what there worth. and not take short cuts. i could go on and on about this question. that hummer he/she drives is because of my labor, and the labor of many others. but if your not from AMERICA and you come to this country of ours do it the legal way, like my forefathers did. i live in the second lowest paid county in the U.S. the reason they hire them is for cheaper labor. did you know that 100 us dollars is something like 1,000 in Mexico? no wounder there here. if they earn 10,000 dollars there almost a millionaire in Mexico. you or anyone can e-mail on this subject look at my 360 page. screw it. m.anania@yahoo.com
Screw on the levers, pull the inner, cut the outer at the lever, route the inner.
He is trying to protect Kendall's baby because that is what She wanted! I love Zach he is sooo sweet in his own way!
The FR-1 "Fireball" was designed in early 1943 for the US Navy.  On the 1/2/1943 The Ryan Aeronautical Company was awarded a contract for three prototypes and one static airframe for testing. The first aircraft was ready for it's maiden flight on the 25/6/1944, however it was only powered by it's piston engine for the first two flights with the General Electric I-16 turbojet engine being fitted a few days later.  On the 2/12/1943 the US Navy ordered 100 FR-1" Fireballs" and later in 1944 ordered an additional 600 aircraft, but after VJ day after only 66 aircraft had been made the order was canceled.
Not really my ancestors did not fight their way up the food chain so i could eat a freaking salad.
Social Work schools have to be accredited by the NASW.\nThe NASW does not accredit on-line schools.
They make you believe that, and I am glad you said it...\nThey call it love, but it is just a way to get sex...\nHonest, if they wanted a real relationship, they would be after more important information about you and your family and your lifestyle and your likes and dislikes...\nSex should never be the first concern in any starting relationship...
Neat trick. I'll tell the subs to not answer my questions. I wonder if it will work?
Elijah Wood, definetely.
Well, if we're gonna agree with them on that, how about they give Mexico back to the Aztecs and other tribes that owned it before the Spanish Conquistadores? Cortez demolished Tenochtitlan in order to defeat the Aztecs, laid waste to the whole area in the name of God and the King, claimed it right out from under the Aztecs.
ye me totally bi xx
For victory in the war to be achieved, Northern moderate Republicans and Radical Republicans concurred that the Confederacy and its system of slavery had to be destroyed, and the possibility of either being revived had to be eliminated.
DEM (Digital Elevation Model) files can be opened by ESRI ArcView or other GIS software.
some people like to feel superior and make other feel like idiots because your not as smart as they are. it is rude. but in turn you should know that one day that person is going to do the same thing and YOU will be in the possition to correct them. Its callled Karma and it works in beautiful ways
The best way to avoid plagiarism is to paraphrase or summarize documents in your own words.  But even though you make them into your own words, you still need to cite your sources in a "Works cited" page (look for the link below to get help with works cited).  \n\nIf you don't want to paraphrase, you can quote something word for word, as long as you clearly cite your source (in text as well as in a works cited page).
If I understand you, you are asking, what are the chances that  a carcinoma of the axillary lymph nodes will metastasize...well, with all lymph cancers metastasis is a likelihood, but if it is yet early in the development of the disease treatment can still be affected. Remember, even if it does metastasize, modern medicine is marvelous and it's better to be down a few nodes than it is to be down a few dozen years.
login on monster.com\nclick on "No thanks" to get past the initial ad\nThen in the middle of the screen you should see your resumes. Next to each resume there is a column that shows the number of views. Those are the number of times your resume was viewed by an employer or recruitor.
If they aren't malignant, it shouldn't be a problem, but they do need to be monitored.  If they do turn malignant, they will need to be removed and you will probably need radiation treatment for them - not chemo.
It uses IP port 88. It does not use TCP or UDP, it uses RTP which is a Cisco proprietary protocol called Reliable Transport Protocol.\n\nCheers :)
They are stock exchanges ... industrials and tech stocks ... the average of section of each of them gives the number you see. If the majority of their respective stocks rise, then the number goes up. If they lower, then the number goes down. In a nutshell.
How about opening your mouth and saying hello, if you want them to say good night to you have to say hello first lol ^_^!
BitTorrent is both the name of a peer-to-peer (P2P) file distribution client application and also the name of the file sharing protocol itself, both of which were created by programmer Bram Cohen. BitTorrent is designed to widely distribute large amounts of data without incurring the corresponding consumption in costly server and bandwidth resources. CacheLogic suggests that BitTorrent traffic accounts for ~35% of all traffic on the Internet,[1] while other sources are skeptical.[2]\n\nThe original BitTorrent application was written in Python and its source code, as of version 4.0, has been released under the BitTorrent Open Source License (a modified version of the Jabber Open Source License). There are numerous compatible clients, written in a variety of languages and running on a variety of computing platforms.
There are vast areas not explored by satellites, a satellite only sees a very specific area and they aren't going to use expensive resources to look at empty areas of ocean.\nTheir could in fact be a great many of uncharted islands out there and a great many that are unnamed.\nAll areas in shipping lanes or populated areas have been charted.
It should be in your local newspaper
Yes, because they push a false belief that pulls away from God, and from trusting in Him.  \n\nThe same goes for those horoscopes that are in the newspaper.  There is absolutely no evidence that the movements of stars and planets, coupled with our birthdays, has anything to do with either our personalities or our future lives.\n\nAnd like tarot cards, they pull people away from God.  People who fall for this crap are basically saying that God isn't good enough for them -- that they don't have to trust Him and can find out their futures through some magic means.
Jeff Healey Band
The plates are the actual metal sheets onto which the text or pictures are transfered.  Printing ink is applied to them, it only sticks to the design, and then paper is pressed to the plate, transfering the design to the paper.  Usually, only one plate is used per color, which is why its cheaper to print in just black and white with maybe a "spot color" (when there is only one specific color other than black).  When you print something in full color (like a photo), you have to use four plates (black, magenta, cyan -- a blue-like color, and yellow) to make up all the colors.  These days, many printers are using digital printing, no plates required, but for mass print jobs, plates are still cheaper.\n\nIn high-end printing (like art books), "plates" sometimes refer to the full-color pages needed to reproduce paintings or photos.  The plates are different paper and printing process than the rest of the book to avoid having to print the entire book in full color.  This terminology is left over from when books were printed letter by letter, which left no room for illustration.  Contrary to what the first poster states, the plates were etchings that had to be hand colored, had to be printed seperately from the words and added to the book when it was assembled.
leave that bitch alone
believe and pray to God for help and I guarantee He will answer ALL prayers.  Given it may not be as you want it to be but only God knows all the answers and reasons so you just have to trust and I promise He won't let you down like all these humans.  He is the only one I know that will protect and care for me no matter what\nso all in all God loves you so much that He gave his only son's life for you.  Could you do that for someone you loved?  I truely don't think I could so that shows you how much he loves us all.
It was the women's liberation movement.  Now women are denying their emotions all for causal sex and claiming they are happy in those relationships.   Women were never emotionally prepared or created to jump from one man's bed into another.   Women seem to think this has put them on the same level as a man in sexual freedom.  The men are excited because now they are relieved from any obligation, responsibilities and developing maturity in a relationship. They can have their cake and eat it too.  We as women need to demand more from men.   If we do not encourage them to be in a responsible relationship they will never commit. \n  I know there are those that claim they are happy and I have had a few friends claim the same.  The truth is that it tears down a woman's self-esteem and she gets to the point that she beleives she is not worthy of a good relationship so she settles for second best....an occassion rump in the hay with whomever.  \n\nOh yeah, then you have the good women who know how to treat a man and have a good stable relationship and we meet the men who have been with these "sexual liberated" woman and they expect the same from us. \n\nIt is no wonder the men are so irresponsible and take relationship so causally.
Who is to say they don't?
That's a tough one. I love these:\n\n- Bittersweet Symphony by The Verve\n- One Headlight by The Wallflowers\n- Pepper by Butthole Surfers\n- Where The River Flows by Collective Soul\n- Brimful Of Asha by Cornershop\n- What It's Like by Everlast\n- Better Get A Lawyer by The Cruel Sea\n- The Freshman by The Verve\n- Semi-Charmed Life by Third Eye Blind\n- If You Could Only See by Tonic\n- Ava Adore by Smashing Pumpkins\n- Black Hole Sun by Soundgarden\n- Killing In The Name by Rage Against The Machine\n- Creep by Radiohead\n- Ana's Song by Silverchair\n- Savior by Red Hot Chilli Peppers\n- Smells Like Teen Spirit by Nirvana\n- Gone Away by The Offspring\n- Last Kiss by Pearl Jam\n- Pick You Up by Powderfinger\n- Push by Matchbox Twenty\n- Heart-Shaped Box by Nirvana\n- Supermodel by Jill Sobule\n- Sympathy For The Devil by Guns 'N' Roses\n- The Distance by Cake\n- Mr Jones by Counting Crows\n\nbut there are so many more I can't think of!
They're not trying to get the African American people to help them, the African Americans are rushing to their aid, because they are not ignorant losers. They see the FACTS...that there is currently an invasion of the nation that many races share by another nation...and as many issues as blacks and whites have had in the past, the blacks know that the whites who want to protect this nation are not doing so from a racist point of view, but from a sense of needing to protect the nation from that which the government will not. The blacks know that the government doesn't do SH!T for them and that they're allowing what's left of "the good life" in America will be gone if we allow this to continue.
Since 1955, Milan has won 6 times.  UCL had changed its name from European Champions Clubs' Cup to UEFA Champions League.
NBC.com > Days Of Our LivesYour direct line to Alison Sweeney. Ask her questions, read about her life and remember to comment nicely! ... Daily Rewards Days of our Lives Rewards! ...\nhttp://www.nbc.com/Days_of_our_Lives/ - 38k - May 9, 2006 - Cached - Similar pagesDays of our Lives @ soapcentral.com | The FrontPageDays of our Lives fans are in for a real treat as two of the show's most ... Join the discussion on our message board and discuss DAYS past and present. ...\nhttp://www.soapcentral.com/days/ - 54k - May 9, 2006 - Cached - Similar pagesSony Pictures - Television - SoapsSony Pictures - Television - Soaps - Days of our Lives, The Young and the Restless. ... Days of our Lives · The Young and the Restless ...\nhttp://www.soapcity.com/ - 7k - Cached - Similar pagesDays of Our Lives FansHere you will find only the best Days of Our Lives sites available on the Internet. They all offer terrific information about the cast and characters, ...\nhttp://daysofourlives.about.com/ - 46k - May 9, 2006 - Cached - Similar pages Days of Our Lives Transcripts From The TV MegaSiteWelcome to The TV MegaSite's Days of Our Lives Site! ... Volunteer writers needed for recaps, including certain days for One Life to Live! ...\nhttp://tvmegasite.net/day/days/transcripts.shtml - 60k - Cached - Similar pages Just Googled "Days of Our Lives"..Not sure if the links are any good. Thanks for asking this question. :-)
www.terraserver.com
I think I know what you mean... If you dont want Yahoo Messenger to open automatically when your system starts. Then you must go to the menu... Messenger > Preferences > Select the General Tab & then untick the "Start Yahoo Automatically" option.
Executive(President), Legislative(Congress), Judicial(Supreme Court)
Isaiah has created a grave indeed and it will take at least two more years to get out of it. Coach Brown is known for motivating young teams and instantly improve them. May be he will get on their case this summer and we will see Curry and Crawford way better than they are next season. If Brown can get them to be a 35 win team this year, they will be out of grave in two more years. Brown will have to show some patience and the team have to believe in him. Isaiah gets F greade in the deal, but Brown will have to be A and Curry and Crawford will have to be A+ this summer and next season.
When has the UN ever maintained peace? When has the UN ever protected anybody (well, anybody who was not a corrupt and bloody tyrant)?\n\nWhat action is the UN taking with Sudan? Nothing.\nWhat action did the UN take with Rwanda. Nothing.\nWhat is the UN doing about the Chinese annihilation of Tibet? What are they doing about the Chinese brutality against the Fulan Gong? What are they doing about Palestinian terrorism? What did they do about the Serbian / Balkan wars and atrocities?\n\nThey've never done a thing, that's what. It is up to individual states, like the US, or a coalition of states, like those currently in Afghanistan and Iraq, to do something. And the UN resolutions against Iraq implied military force would be used if they failed to comply. How can you say then that the invasion of Iraq was contrary to the UN? In fact, you could actually make the argument that by leading the invasion of Iraq, Bush was actually making the UN relavent, instead of a debate society that issued toothless and meaningless resolutions.\n\nFurthermore, it was the UN that created the Oil-for-Food scandal that bribed many foreign governments, and lined Saddam's pockets with $25 billion, while Iraqis starved and suffered without medicine.\n\nPerhaps you should wonder why the UN Human rights council has some of the worst offenders on it - China, Sudan, etc.\n\nIt's a useless waste of money. It needs to be abandoned.
An arithmetic series is a series that starts with a given value and then is changed by adding the same amount for each next element of the series\n\nFor example\n\n3, 7, 11, 15...\n\nThe start value is 3\nThe series is generated by adding 4 to each previous value.
Cruel intentions?   But that was actually step brother and step sister betting that he could get the bookworm but the steps ended up sleeping together and he died at the end of the movie.
a star?
chanson? try this site\nhttp://www.wordreference.com/enfr/
They are actually Jor-El's underwear, which Superman wears to honor his late father & the entire Kryptonian race.  However, since no one wants to wear the same underwear that covered the junk that helped to conceive him, & have it pressed against his own junk, especially since his father's junk also touched his mother's junk, Superman decided to wear these outside his tights.  That way, he could honor his father, but not feel all dirty about it.\nIn an ironic twist of fate, Superman saved a young girl during the 70s.  She, too, wondered about the underwear outside the clothes.  She also thought that was a very bold & inspiring fashion statement.  Therefore, she also decided when she got older, she would occasionally wear her underwear on the outside of her clothes to honor the Man of Steel who saved her life, on those rare occasions when she would wear any underwear.  Today, we know this woman as Madonna.
the pain from fibromialgia can be anywhere and everywhere--each person is different.
As a child the chandelier used to swing from side to side, and the radio would turn on by itself in the middle of the night.\n\nOne time on a camping trip I was walking back from the bathrooms at that moment right between day and night and I saw someone walk across the front of the site and stop behind a tree. So I figure one of the people is going to jump out and try to surprise me, so I pull out my flashlight, walk up to the tree, turn on the light, and there's no one there.\n\nOne time I was alone in a house, and I felt a presence. I looked at a mobile hanging motionless, and said, "If there is anyone else here, make the mobile spin." The next moment, the mobile began to spin.\n\nOne time I was driving into Ponca State Park to set up a large camping gathering, and the sides of the road were lined with spirits. All standing there, clearly visible to everyone, calmly welcoming us back.\n\nOn another camping trip, we felt a spirit near the bon-fire. We had a ring of 40 tiki-torches around the bonfire. It was a still and windless night, but all the tiki flames near the spirit bent in. One of the people in the circle had a fancy camera. After the campout she went to get the film developed, and all the photos from before the visitor turned out, but after that all the film was blank. She took the camera in to be repaired. The repairman asked if she'd been in a nuclear power plant. All the innards were fried from electromagnetism\n\nMy grandmother died while my niece was in utero. After my niece was born, she would look up at areas where no one was standing, and laugh and giggle. We all knew that she was looking at gramma, so we never showed her any pictures. Finally, at about a year old, she could speak, and my sister showed her the family photo album. My niece picked out her photo and said, "That's Old Gramma."
Because Nike co-opted all his "Christmas elves" in a sudden public relations bid to rid the company of child labour. They're all working now for two candy canes a day in a Pakistani sweatshop. Santa turned down a job as foreman so now he's pretty much SOL.
a s h i t load
It would be a negative that some couldn't overcome. A lot of folks vote and know little about the candidate except he has a lot of nice signs. A lot would vote to oust incumbents.
The water is causing the sea level to rise which in turn causes more flooding i.e. New Orleans(Katrina). It will eventually cause many more problems, including climate changes, which we are already experiencing.
No and they are only a temporary fix to what ever you are trying to achieve.
shakira, she's got a better voice, unique too thats a for sure.
Yes I have, but first I want to talk about what it means to be worst or first. Success isn't achieving a popularity contest after you've been nothing to the crowd. Success is overcoming your own personal weaknesses and making them strengths. \nThis is my success - eight years ago I was critically injured, damaging my brain and fracturing bones on one side of my body. After a coma, I had months of therapy every day. Learned to open my mouth, make noise, hold my head up, sit up, move on command, make sounds, into words, stand up with the help of a person, sit in a wheelchair. You get the idea - stand up by myself and walk, to speak and talk to people. Count, write, and went back to college later that year with a wheelchair, then a walker, then crutches. It was hard, but I wanted bad enough to keep going. Finally I walked on my own, took driver's ed at the university, studied, became part of the national honor society in my field, and graduated from college. After that, I became a personal trainer, then a massage therapist. Please don't assume that because I went so far, it was easy. It wasn't. It was grueling and exhausting. I was dealing with depression and had to fight urges to hate myself.  \nI am a success. I don't say that because I work downtown, training executives in an office building, or massage across the street at the city's swankiest hotel. I am a success because I never gave up. Life's not over, I still don't give up. That's success, you just keep going.
A Jockey.
Current top contenders are Brazil, Argentina, Germany and Italy. Holland could be the dark horse of the tournament.\n\nAny of the above countries could win the world cup 2006.   \n\nIf Wayne Rooney becomes match fit to play, England should be considered as a top contender too.
based on the age of the child i dont think some can.. i have seen older kids do it as a joke and use a alka-seltser as the foam...some did it wit dish soap.. if you think a child is faking it smell the foam .. it shouldent smell like soap.. or candy .. it should smell like spit..
he has designed many\n\nhttp://www.johndaly.com/coursedesign.asp\n\nhttp://www.myrtlebeachgolf.com/departments/features/daly-course-design-881.htm
Thank you! you know I listen to young people talk as though\nthey have absolutely no morals at all. Its good to know \nthere are young ladies like you don't ever lose that\nI'M proud of you. thank for giving me hope in trying to reach teens
if you want to know if your computer is "strong" enough to handle sims go here and click Start http://gameadvisor.futuremark.com/gameadvisor/service/game_scan.jsp
you are an idiot
Have you installed you're iPod software on you're Laptop may be you haven't thats why it must not be working .
Have you tried Classmates.com???You can find out a lot there.Tryhttp://www.classmates.com/cmo/user/index.jspthis should help.
I am 28 and have osteoarthritis in my hip, ankle and back. It is becoming more common in younger ppl. Mine is from injuries and being hard on my body(I was pregnant 8 times in 10 years..delivered 7 kids) There are things you can do to ease the pain. Light stretches like pilates and beginner yoga are good. Also not carrying extra weight around(still working on that one) eases pain on your bones and joints. Take it easy when you feel the pain. Drinking lots of water is sposed to help too. GOODLUCK!!
William Blintz
Appropriations committees oversee the distribution of funds from the government.  So when the president asks for money to be allocated to various projects, the appropriations committee will review the president's request and decide if the congress will fund the project or not.
talk to your banker
The most recent quake (as of May 23, 2006) in PA happened on April 17, 2006 about 250 miles east of Pittsburgh.\n\nOn September 25, 1998, there was a 5.2 earthquake about 75 miles northwest of Pittsburgh.  It was felt in Pittsburgh but there was little damage, even near the epicenter.
at someone else blog
go to the IRS at 5 in the morning, wait in a long line and apply for one(that's what i did)
You got me!\nSeems I need mental treatment.\n\n\n\n--- LeeeN
d.Coma
jus talk him out frankly n make evrythng clear!
trust me the right answer is brunettes but than again blondes are not stupid i know plenty of really smart blondes and brunettes but most brunettes just have that confident swagger about them that is really attractive
And the tooth fairy gives little children money for their teeth, Santa Claus delivers presents to good boys and girls on Christmas Eve, the Easter Bunny hides eggs for us to find.\n\nPoor deluded chap- what other myths do you believe?  Do you think the aliens will be coming to get you one of these days?
look for the stuff u need on ask.com or yahoo.com
It depends on who you plan on working for.\n\nIf it's an accredited school you should be alright.\n\n\n(a lot of universities offer pretty good on line MBA programs)
I think too many deserts over there so they try to come to a water
Yes.  And we, the fans, should get to determine the amount they get.\nWe can all register with our favorite teams.  Then, after the draft, we all vote on how much a player should recieve in base salary.  If the player doesn't like the amount we vote on, he can quit and receive nothing.\nWe can also have votes after every game to determine if anyone deserves a bonus.
Cardio is the best way to lose weight. Get moving and bring your heart rate up. Swimming, running, jogging, tennis, basketball, elliptical, cycling, step, kickboxing, etc. Anything like that will help you burn fat.\n\nYou can also do some weight training, lunges, squats, and crunches, etc. in addition to your cardio. This will put more muscle on your body, and the more muscle you have, the more fat your body burns from cardio.\n\nTry here and look under 'Exercise Pictures':\nhttp://www.ironworkout.com/index.htm
Sure and the sub-title is "Who's there?"\n\nActually, I don't know.
There are some job opportunities, but increasingly you nedd an MBA just to get an interview.
Because people in prison are not in control of themselves anymore.  By raping others, it makes them feel they still have some sort of control.\n\nIt's sick, but it's true.
Here is a syllabus for an American BBA\nYear 1\nIntroduction to Business\nIntroduction to Quantitative Methods\nIntroduction to Accounting\nIntroduction to Business Communications\nOrganisational Behaviour\nAccounting 1\nBusiness Communications\nEconomics 1\nAccounting 2\nSystems Analysis\nEconomics 2\nMarketing Principles\n\nYear 2\nQuantitative Methods\nManagement Accounting 1\nHuman Resources Management 1\nBusiness Law\nHuman Resources Management 2\nManagement Accounting 2\nInternational Business\nManagement Organisation\nCorporate Strategy 1\nCorporate Finance 1\nManagement Information Resources\nStrategic Human Resources Management \n\nYear 3\nCorporate Finance 2\nStrategic Marketing 1\nStrategic Marketing 2\nCorporate Strategy 2\nEnterprise Competences 1\nEnterprise Competences 2\n1 Elective Unit for self-study\nE-Commerce\nBusiness Research for Thesis\nThesis (2 modules)\n1 Elective Unit for self-study
You know what??? if you love the guy...he loves you..he treats you right and so on and so forth, then stop worrying about his weight and how skinny he is.
England 2 - 2 West Germany (after 90 minutes)\n\nScorer : Haller (FRG) 12', Hurst (ENG) 18', Peters (ENG) 78', Weber (FRG) 89'.\n\nEngland 4 - 2 West Germany (after 120 minutes)\nHaller (FRG) 12', Hurst (ENG) 18', Peters (ENG) 78', Weber (FRG) 89', Hurst (ENG) 102', Hurst (ENG) 120'.
Check their website or go to their local office and apply.
This is not a answer but the same thing is happenin to me also any help out there?
Wot ya reckon to the stranglers?
China's great power status is 100% dependent on its sustainable economic development. This has been the case everywhere throughout history. That is why China today is so focused on:\n\n- creating jobs for the 10s of millions who migrate from rural areas to cities every year\n\n- securing natural resources internationally, such as (especially) oil and base metals\n\n- establishing and maintaining trading relationships with the other major world powers\n\nWithin a very small number of years, the Chinese economy will overtake that of the US. They are "a player" now and will very likely increase in this role in coming years and decades.
You might try searches at\n\nhttp://www.scirus.com/srsapp/\n\nhttp://www.scienceresearch.com/search/
take a pill {gavilast}\nnothing worse than heartburn
For me it was my grandmother.  She was 76 when I was born and almost 87 when she died.  She had Alzheimer's, although in 1975 they did not use that term - it was just 'senile' then, and had to live the last four years of her life with constant care in a nursing home.  I visited her three times a week and even though she didn't have her mind I think she always knew who I was because even though she didn't verbalize at that point she always got upset when my father (her son) visited without me (he stopped every day on his way into work).\n\nWhen I visited my grandmother I noticed the many other men and women in the home who did not have anyone visiting them.  Being the young child I was I started visiting them too so that when I went I had my 'rounds' to make.\n\nIt caused a lot of happiness in these people to be remembered even if it was only by a small child who was not biologically connected to them in any way.  It taught me a lesson in love that to this day I will never forget.  It also taught me that every human life has value and should never be forgotten.\n\nI am thankful for the lesson that that experience has taught me.
Na2CO3 + 2H2O --> 2NaOH + H2CO3\n\nNaOH is soluble in water, so 2 moles of OH- will form.\nH2CO3 is a weak acid that does not dissociate fully in water, so there will be fewer than 2 moles of H+ present.\n\nAs there is more OH-, the solution will be basic.
Such a stupid question..LMFAO
A big guy (maybe KG) so Lamar could focus more on the wing!!!
Hi,\n\nYou can go to http://skyandtelescope.com/resources/organizations/ and find the local astronomy clubs. Most have public nights with the telescopes as well as inside meeting nights.\n\nIf you enjoy the moon, try http://groups.yahoo.com/group/lunar-observing/\n\nChuck
An ocean current is any more or less permanent or continuous, directed movement of ocean water that flows in one of the Earth's oceans.\n\nSurface ocean currents are generally wind driven and develop their typical clockwise spirals in the northern hemisphere and counter-clockwise rotation in the southern hemisphere due to the imposed wind stresses. In wind driven currents the Ekman spiral effect results in the currents flowing at an angle to the driving winds. The areas of surface ocean currents move somewhat with the seasons, this is most notable in equatorial currents.\n\nDeep ocean currents are driven by density and temperature gradients. Thermohaline circulation, also known as the ocean's conveyor belt, refers to the deep ocean density-driven ocean basin currents. These currents that flow under the surface of the ocean, and are thus hidden from immediate detection, are called submarine rivers. These are currently being researched by floating devices, which maintain their depth according to slightly differing densities of waters. Upwelling and downwelling areas in the oceans are areas, where significant vertical movement of ocean water is observed.
You can try looking around Association of Certified Professional Wedding Consultants and start of your training and certification from there.\n\nFor more info on wedding planning, check out http://weddingplanning.50webs.com
I had a similar problem during my first Master's Degree. I have straight A's for it, except for one C, in an "elective." There was a professor who didn't give us information on how we were doing until the day before the official allowable withdrawl date, then encouraged us to re-write our test and gave out better grades for it rather than withdraw. However, he had a thing against people from my particular major, and after stringing us along gave me (oh joy) the highest grade from my department.... a C. The other students got D's and F's. However, people giving similar responses from other departments got A's and B's. After this, my department changed it's recommended electives for my type of degree to a similar course taught elsewhere. My department head, after reviewing my situation, accepted the course for the elective credit needed toward my degree (the policy for a Master's level was an A or B only) so that I could just move on and not worry about it. I still feel awfully annoyed, though.\n\nIf you have copies of your work, and your professor's comments on them, take it to your department head or college dean, and ask them to look into the situation.
It's because Wiccans don't judge other religions the way Christians do.  They believe all religions are correct in their own way and that as long as you are living a good life and not harming others - there is nothing wrong with what you choose to believe.  Christians on the other hand - believe it's their way or the highway.  They think they are right and everyone else is wrong and anyone who doesn't believe what they believe is going to hell.  Basically - they're hypocrites.
yes it happens to me all the time some women just seem to find me so irresistibley attractive it is becoming a bit of a nightmare,i cannot even stray to far from my house without some rampant female trying to rip my y fronts off,even cindy crawford is getting a bit tiresome ,ah well that is life for us beautiful people,ok doctor just coming!!!!!
This question is miscategorized.\n\nSpecial Education refers to the education and parenting of children with special needs.
For chatting, try chat.yahoo.com instead. I've searched through yahoo search "bored sites" and compiled a list of the most recommended and best sites people recommend for boredom:\n\nhttp://www.jimmyr.com/bored.php
513 W 54th St New York, NY 10019-5014
think twice
X&Y if you dont have it....i really recommend it, its a great album.
Phone sex operator......I do it and make about $300 a day in like 6 hours....
The power rating would be described as the work done upon the time takes. \nThe work done= number of bricks*mass of each*accln due to gravity* height=2750 Joules (assuming accln due to gravity to be 10)\ntime taken =10 seconds\nPower is hence: 275 w or 0.275 kW
honey, around here, you can buy a scratch ticket here if you are 18 and i thought that was how it was all over the country. it's not OK, though, for anyone to go to Iraq, we need out servicemen home to care for our own country! Iraq is not our problem, bush just wanted to finish what his daddy couldn't!
there are alot of university websites or other websites that might be able to give you their email address or fone numbers,check namesdatabase.com
yes, if you're a dicqhead
BASIC INFORMATION ABOUT GETTING MARRIED IN CHINA at the site below\n"American citizens contemplating to marry a Chinese citizen in China should review the following general information on Chinese Government procedures."\n\nChina: Permanent Residence for Foreigners
cool down first. drink some water, too.
All three are Fabulous Artists, with just incredible talent!! They all three, amaze me beyond belief! Robert DeNiro is the type I would love anything he does, because I love him as an actor! He's handsome, in a good way to me. Al Pacino, does good Bad Guy stuff, and very good at it, love all his movies. Now, Tom Hanks is a unique type. I've actually been told I look just like Jenny in "Forrest Gump" Robin Wright, is her name, she's married to Sean Penn. But, Tom Hanks, is the top of all three to me! That man can do anything, and  be up for Oscars, everytime!! I just love, love, love Tom Hanks. He's such a kind soul, in real life too.
Why would you want to opt-out visa/mastercard since 90% internet surfers use credit card for purchases. Try www.2checkout.com for your very own payment system.\n\nIf you really do not want to offer credit card payment to your customer then only options are cash, check, wire, etc. None of them so good!\n\nQibla.
True democracy is worse than a dictatorship.\n\nA constitutional Republic with a good balance of power between branches of government.\n\nA multi party system would be preferred probably more like a Parliament where the people do not vote for the president only their Representative/senator.\n\nThe Constitution would severely limited the power of government and limit it's expansion as well as limit it's ability to tax, spend, and borrow when not in a declared emergency.
You can download a karaoke software from www.downloads.com.The site has softwares everything possible.
China.  Their population, their economy, the money the government is pumping into the economy, the trade situation, their influence in the world, etc\n\nHere's a good article,\n\n"The new superpower on the block"\nhttp://www.cnn.com/SPECIALS/2000/democracy/bigger.picture/stories/china/
I think you have to be over 18
Your period is no guarantee that your not pregnant. If you used condoms then you did right. Chances are you are not, but if you have doubts then you need to get a test to be sure.
red on the inside covered with a white sheth
Basic Steps in How Stock Trading Works\nTrading stocks. You hear that phrase all the time, although it really is wrong – you don’t trade stocks like baseball cards (I’ll trade you 100 IBMs for 100 Intels). \nTrade = Buy or Sell \nTo “trade” means to buy and sell in the jargon of the financial markets. How a system that can accommodate one billion shares trading in a single day works is a mystery to most people. No doubt, our financial markets are marvels of technological efficiency. \nYet, they still must handle your order for 100 shares of Acme Kumquats with the same care and documentation as my order of 100,000 shares of MegaCorp. \n\nYou don’t need to know all of the technical details of how you buy and sell stocks, however it is important to have a basic understanding of how the markets work. If you want to dig deeper, there are links to articles explaining the technical side of the markets. \n\nTwo Basic Methods \nThere are two basic ways exchanges execute a trade: \n\nOn the exchange floor \nElectronically \nThere is a strong push to move more trading to the networks and off the trading floors, however this push is meeting with some resistance. Most markets, most notably the NASDAQ, trade stocks electronically. The futures’ markets trade in person on the floor of several exchanges, but that’s a different topic. \n\n\nExchange floor\nTrading on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) is the image most people have thanks to television and the movies of how the market works. When the market is open, you see hundreds of people rushing about shouting and gesturing to one another, talking on phones, watching monitors, and entering data into terminals. It could not look any more chaotic. \n\nYet, at the end of the day, the markets workout all the trades and get ready for the next day. Here is a step-by-step walk through the execution of a simple trade on the NYSE. \n\n\nYou tell your broker to buy 100 shares of Acme Kumquats at market. \nYour broker’s order department sends the order to their floor clerk on the exchange. \nThe floor clerk alerts one of the firm’s floor traders who finds another floor trader willing to sell 100 shares of Acme Kumquats. This is easier than is sounds, because the floor trader knows which floor traders make markets in particular stocks. \nThe two agree on a price and complete the deal. The notification process goes back up the line and your broker calls you back with the final price. The process may take a few minutes or longer depending on the stock and the market. A few days later, you will receive the confirmation notice in the mail. \nOf course, this example was a simple trade, complex trades and large blocks of stocks involve considerable more detail. \n\n\nElectronically \nIn this fast moving world, some are wondering how long a human-based system like the NYSE can continue to provide the level of service necessary. The NYSE handles a small percentage of its volume electronically, while the rival NASDAQ is completely electronic. \nThe electronic markets use vast computer networks to match buyers and sellers, rather than human brokers. While this system lacks the romantic and exciting images of the NYSE floor, it is efficient and fast. Many large institutional traders, such as pension funds, mutual funds, and so forth, prefer this method of trading. \n\nFor the individual investor, you frequently can get almost instant confirmations on your trades, if that is important to you. It also facilitates further control of online investing by putting you one step closer to the market. \n\nYou still need a broker to handle your trades – individuals don’t have access to the electronic markets. Your broker accesses the exchange network and the system finds a buyer or seller depending on your order. \n\n\nConclusion\nWhat does this all mean to you? If the system works, and it does most of the time, all of this will be hidden from you, however if something goes wrong it
no its not a send a email to them but they said no but add me my web is www.harrypotterdan.piczo.com
Global warming could led to a catastrophe. If the icebergs in the artic melt, all the water from the ice will flow into the oceans and we will all be under the sea. There is enough water/ice in the artic to submerge the entire planet.
HE controlls the UNIVERSE! So I dont think so.
cuz booties are great...
i think it is... i have the same situation since i started getting my periods. there have been times when i didn't have my period for 6 months, but now it usually comes in 3 months. my mom said it is for no worries since i got it hereditary from her. she didn't get her period right up untill she gave birth to my brother which was at 35 years of age. so everyone is different...
The answer lies in the mechanism of action of the two medications.  \n\nAtomoxetine (Strattera) is a norepinephrine re-uptake inhibitor inhibitor that acts almost exclusively on the noradrenergic pathway.\n\nBupropion (Wellbutrin) inhibits the re-uptake of norepinephrine and dopamine neurotransmission without any significant direct effects on serotonin neurotransmission.\n\nSo as you can see the medications act on similiar mechanism and therefore taking them both would be like overdosing on either.  Wellbutrin can also promote seizure which is dose related too.\n\nIn sum, taking them together could be dangerous.
Are you sure this is a woman you are dating?  Maybe it is a tranny, and he doesn't want you to find out...
You have not formulated your question correctly. Troops in which border? From which country? What for?. We need more info so that we know what the hell you are talking about.\n\nWhile I cannot answer your question, I can still tell you that your "we can't feed everyone" argument is fascistic and shows that you still need to grow up, educate yourself and get out of the social bubble you live in, before making such strong, selfish and stupid political statements.
Infrared diode pair.
try craigslist.org \nlocal site for your area
If you know where the person has lived for an extended period of time you can check the jails in that areas website. Most jail websites only require a persons name to tell you if they have ever been in that jail before.
Well you sound like we are in the same situation. Except, I have 3 kids compared to your one. Ok, depression just doesn't develop in a couple of days, it takes times. Have you thought of what you can do now that you have more time with your son? Have you thought of taking some classes that could occupy your time? I don't know where you live so it is hard for me to say where you should go for making income from home.\n\nAlthough this isn't always easy, spend sometime doing something that you enjoy that you can do at home with your son. Family activities are always fun even with short attention spans!
Follow these steps when u open ur browser\nGo to tools,Then on Internet Options\nThen click on the security tab and then on Custom Level\nU'll find the option of cookies n java scirp there.
I used to love it, but after two or tree replays I got bored.\n\ndon't know why but grandad was always my favorite. Trigger was fantastic too.\n\n"this time next year I'll be a millionaire"
AM is Amplitude Modulation whereby the signal is encoded by changes in signal strength.  It is very easy to do that so it was the first method in use.\n\nAM radio is usually transmitted at MF (Medium Frequency) which gives enough bandwidth for voice and low quality music and in the day time doesn't propagate very far since the D-region of the ionosphere absorbs the signal.\n\nBut at night the D-region doesn't exist and so the signal can travel all the way up to the F-region where it is reflected back down to Earth which allows MF signals to propagate very long distances at night and is why you can often hear AM stations from the other side of a continent at night.\n\nFM is Frequency Modulation in which the signal is encoded as changes in Frequency.  It is harder to do but the result is more resistant to interference and gives better quality.  FM is also transmitted at VHF (Very High Frequency) which gives higher bandwidth so more signal can be sent (thereby allowing increased quality).  VHF goes pretty much straight through the ionosphere so unless there is Sporadic E (massive increases in ionospheric electron density where the E-region is) VHF isn't going to be reflected anywhere and so it'll only be rather local (the wave will follow the ground to some extent).\n\nThe lower frequency MF waves will go through materials better than VHF so AM tends to work better in tunnels.\n\nAM and FM were both launched as mono systems with stereo being retrofitted onto FM by the use of a difference channel so as to allow old mono FM receivers to continue to work (basically the original mono FM signal is sent but superimposed onto that is the difference between the left and right channels).
well i normally make cards w/ one side w/ a question and the other w/ the answer. then i make 3 piles 1s i know really well, 1 i kinda know and 1 i dont know. Then the last pile i go through a lot the 2nd one i go through a couple times and then the 1st i go through like 3 times it helps me a lot hope it helps u!!
Yes, but the key is to be consistent. \n\nIf they called everything no games would ever be finished. \n\nA replay system would only add to the delays and confusion.\n\nAt the speed the players are moving at, and all of their various body parts moving at incredible speed, it is almost impossible to accurately call everything.\n\nEspecially when one considers the sheer number of things they're expected to watch for.
Do you mean you want the name of a urologist or what is a urologist?\nDr. Ho is excellent.  He pulls no punches, tells you like it is.\nA urologist is a doctor that is an expert in the field of kidney and bladder function/problems.
M3U's are just playlists........\nNo converting to video.....\nUse a screen-capture program to get video and audio (not so good quality.....)
Alcohol exerts a lot of effects in the brain.  The reason that it dehydrates you is that it affects hormones in the brain.  We all have a hormone called antiduirectic hormone in our bodies.  It is released in times of dehydration to help you to hold on to water.  One of alcohol's effects is to stop the release of antiduirectic hormone.  Therefore, alcohol stops you from releasing a hormone to help you hold on to water.  The bottom line, you pee more than you drink.
sorry may not make things better and it wouldn't take back any of the pain they caused ..but it would prove that they are human and that they know what they did was wrong
This site claims to have over 50,000 celebrity addresses of:\nActors \nActresses \nSingers \nMusic Groups \nDirectors \nModels \nTV Shows \nTV Presenters \nTV Series \nAgencies \nNBA Teams \nNFL Teams \nMLB Teams \nTennis Players \nSoccer Teams
I don't think we are able to pin point a specific reason why.  Even though I hate Bush and everything he stands for, I can't blame him for everything that happens, but I will blame him for everything and anything that has to do with the government, like help to Katrina victims, Sept 11th, the war in Iraq, the deficit spending, social security's bankruptcy... things of that nature.  But there some even worst things happening like natural disasters killing hundreds of thousands that you just can't blame on anybody.  I guess these are the times we're living in and we should pick leaders who are apt and know how to handle such conflict and tragedy.
The confusion you have is normal there are lot of chapters for example the song of songs and the like in the bible which are in my view human work added to the bible \n\nProof the bible is not the word of god
Barcelona: Valdes, Oleguer (Belletti 71), Marquez, Puyol, Van Bronckhorst, Deco, Edmilson (Iniesta 45), Van Bommel (Larsson 61), Giuly, Eto'o, Ronaldinho.\nSubs Not Used: Jorquera, Motta, Xavi, Sylvinho. \nBooked: Oleguer, Larsson \n\nGoals: Eto'o 76, Belletti 80\n\nArsenal: Lehmann, Eboue, Toure, Campbell, Cole, Pires (Almunia 20), Silva, Fabregas (Flamini 74), Hleb (Reyes 85), Ljungberg, Henry.\nSubs Not Used: Bergkamp, Van Persie, Senderos, Clichy. \n\nSent Off: Lehmann (18)\n\nBooked: Eboue, Henry\n\nGoals: Campbell 37\n\nAtt: 79,500 \n\nRef: Terje Hauge (Norway)
She probably as a feeling this relationship is headed no where. You both are married what do you expect out of someone who cheats............
Gandhi was a spritual leader who other leaders of the world like Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. got their ideas from with the nonviolent protest. People around the world was inspired by his work that they want to take that non-violent acts into their own community/country. I guess Gandhi was an inspirational leader too.
That is a STATEMENT....not a question.
Is this the same as used to be called  ------'s-(something I can't recall. name of somebody I think) ascending paralysis which is now called Gullian Barre Syndrome?
almost every computer today has what is often called Spellchecker, if you are worried about your spelling.  if you are looking for other grammatical questions, i refer you to Roget's Thesaurus (on line), Encyclopedia Britannica (also on line) or your local library business and info center (usually at the main branch/depending on hours). you can buy video/cd disc from your local computer stores/ office depot, etc. that you can load into your C files.
yahoo has been having some slight problems with cam service if you go to the link below it will auto down load the lates yahoo cookie for web cam and fix this issue. note this also works for third part chat programs will fix there issue with web cam not working. have fun and happy caming.
a star
My favorite website for the ISS and other satelites visible from the ground is:\n\nhttp://www.heavens-above.com\n\nYou can register and save your home location, and then see times of satellite passes you can see from there.  You can choose your location by city name.
the first link is especially for C/C++ programming. The second one has usefull information for all languages, same as the thirs one.
Emil Zátopek\nCzech Republic
It's the singer, Randy  lol
It sounds to me like he has very very big problems with committment.  Some guys just have a problem committing to one woman and it terries them when it happens!  He may have said he was ready but when the actual time came for the moving in- he totally freaked out!  This doesnt mean he doesnt love you!  He could love u more than life itself.  He may just be scvared to death!!!!  Go with your heart!  if u think you can work thru it eventually stick with him if u love him!!!  Good luck to u
I'm actually army, but I've been through one deployment and we're waiting for the official verdict on the second.  You sound like you're doing the right thing, talking to people who are going through the same thing, etc.  It is hard and I don't want to sound cold, but you get used to it.  I know it's harder for those who are relatively new in the military, and hard for new parents, but you get in a groove and things go easier.  Stay strong, he needs it as much as your baby does.  Stay positive, don't watch the news too often if ever (I never did, it's a lot of worry and not the whole story), and keep that support structure around you.  And know what community resources are there for you in the military.  They're already paid for by your tax dollars, so use them, it's like getting a tax refund every time you do. \n\nIt's almost over, keep your head up, girl.
When she genuinly laughs at your jokes.\nWhen she makes excuses to be close\nWhen she flirts with you\nWhen she initiates conversations when passing each other by\nIf she asks plenty of questions about you\nIf she invites you along to social events
Your foot is rested. However, you cant sit for long cause the other leg gets tired and you cross legs the other way.\nYour feet gets restless if you sit too long crossed and you start tapping\n\nPS Indian style( "criss cross applesauce" )is the best sitting posture!
The first US troops actually entered Iraq in September of 1942 to fly P-39 Aircobras to the Soviets as part of the "lend-lease" program in WWII,then US special forces in 1984 to help train Hussien's Republican Guard against the Irainians, then in March of 1991 ground troops for Operation Desert Storm, but as far as Operation Iraqi Freedom, it was March of 2003.
14.7 lbs refers to the amount of force on a square inch of area at sea level due to air. At 68 degrees Farenheit and at sea level pressure (1013mbar), 1 cubic foot of air weighs .0752 pounds. The equation meteorologists use is P = (ro)*R*T where P is pressure in Pascals, ro is the density in kg/m^3, R is a constant equal to 287, and T is the temperature in Kelvin.
yes, but they need another good wide receiver and an offensive line to step up, and considering they have a schedule of week teams, they should win the north and then who knows. go pack go!
Because no body believes her act anymore. No body likes to see ministers grovelling at her feet anymore. No body likes are shortsightedness. No body likes her arrogance. No body likes her friend. Her governance is silly. Her friends are looting the state.
Try the Salvo's!!!!!
I doubt it, exchanges in person are always a surprise
Hi,\n\nBecause of the much photo and video editing. I highly recommend you buying the laptop with Intel's Core Duo.\n(Core Duo- is like have two cpu's instead of only one)\n-The more GB of ram the better.\n-Hard Drive I would also go with the bigger 100GB because it's stores a lot more pictures than the 80GB\n-The ATI X1600(video card- If you're a very serious gamer than go with the 256 MB version if you're not a serious gamer than go with 128mb)\n\nLet me tell you why I recommend you the Duo Core instead of the 2.0GHz\nThe Duo Core is right now Intel's newest cpu.The Duo Core was specially made for giving consumers a lot more performance for video editing,photo editing, autocad and lots more.\nNow by having a Duo Core what used to take you perhaps an hour to make(Video Editing), now will take you about 40min.or less.\nSo it really is a big improvement.
national military appreciation month
well if he looks down your shirt again then ask him if he likes??? That will totally embarrass him and he wont do it again!
You can study Life sciences, Biotechnology or Bio informatics. There are degree courses plus Post grdaute courses. Since you say you want to start earning early I suggest you study B Sc part time , evening college if you have the facility in Rajasthan and work someplace preferable computer work part time. After 3 years you can specialise and get good job. But if you want to be highly employable make sure your English Language skills are good. The net will help you in that.
it is a program you can set up that will automatically run a set of commands
There is lots of great climbing all over the world my fiance has climbed in Chile and Argentina and loved it, the views are amazing. I have climbed in Spain, France and Italy and it is equally as beautiful.  We climb together in the Northeastern part of the United States and love the peace, quiet and views we have seen.  I don't think there is a best country for climbing. Every mountain range has something to offer.
what about it?
The three major companies in Mexico are TELCEL, MOVISTAR and NEXTEL.\n\nI don't know what is special about ESMOBIL. Maybe I could help you out.
Just try to make the most of everything.  Be patient.  Good things come to those who wait...............................
I don't know, But the sooner the better. I'm an English catholic and I'm appalled by the way Muslims in general are treated just because of a few nutters. Have you heard of Timothy McVea he blew up the federal building in Oklahoma but I didn't see the british and american goverments start a war with a Christian country, but then Arabs control more oil maybe that has something to do with it?
Check out:\n\nhttp://www.medvarsity.com/vmu1.2/dmr/dmrdata/cme/fluorosis/Fluorosis.htm
As long as you have not promised someone that you are seeing other exclusively, you can have as many boyfriends as you like. \nI DO NOT recommend that you sleep with all them however. I think that that is something that should be reserved only for someone that you are serious about & exclusive with.
Patience is the virtue
YAHOO MESSENGER ,\nPUT YOUR INTEREST IN YOUR PROFILE ,
No idea what you are talking about
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, and YES, I choose Jesus above all things!
Sweetie, this is your second, very naive question. How old are you?! Does your mama know you're on here? Go play some video games.
It will most likely be a democrat, and the leading contender is Hilary Clinton. I think she would do a much better job than the current White House occupant.
Depends a lot on where you want to fish, What type of fish you want? Are you planning to fish on lakes or on the ocen?
Smile and make a joke about it. Very strange indeed... Then I go home and write a song.
Ashton Kutcher.
No if the same sex couple is married as well then it is discrimination. The same sex couple can sue.
Lokpal (or Lok Pal) and Lokayukta (Lok Ayuktha) are the Indian versions of Ombudsman. An ombudsman is an official, usually (but not always) appointed by the government or by parliament, who is charged with representing the interests of the public by investigating and addressing complaints reported by individual citizens.\n\nLokpal is an officer who investigates complaints of citizens of unfair treatment meted out to them by Government Departments and suggests remedy thereof, if he finds that a complaint is justified.\n\nLok Ayukta is a person appointed by the Governer of an Indian state for the purpose of conducting inquires against state-level officials above the rank of deputy commissioners, Chief Minister, Members of the Legislative Assembly, Municipal Councilors, and the Chairman, Vice Chairman, Managing Director and Members of Boards which are subject to the control of the Government.
i"Tale Tales," whether those you mentioned or the many written by Mark Twain and some of his contemporaries writing in the 1800's were merely to entertain, and surely they do just that. Twain was noted for his tall tale stories such as "The Jumping Frog of Calaverus County." Read them and enjoy!!
you are correct
Sounds like a fungus to me, if there is no itching it is not dandruff. Try a shampoo with zinc pyrithione in it, it's an antifungal. it's also important NOT to wash your hair daily, you strip your hair and scalp of it's natural protective oils, which are kind of like the scalps immune system. it's also important to use a conditioner to keep the hair and scalp moisturized.
If you work for her then what you make is legally hers unless you have a contract stating otherwise.  Remember you're not making the idea as yourself, but as an employee.  \n\nIt sounds like you want her to take the risk, but then you profit if it works.  I'm sorry but I don't think that's right.  If you came up with an idea and tried it out on your own and not at someone elses bakery I'd feel that you should profit from it.  \n\nBottom line is if you're not the one willing to take the risk then you shouldn't be the one to profit.  Unless she's willing to allow you to keep your products then I'd find another way to produce them.  Open your own business and find bakeries willing to be sold "use" rights for your tort, etc  In this way you don't need to be making them and you clearly own the rights to the recipe.  You could then even offer to "consult" with the employees on how to actually cook them, etc.
I don't know anything about iPods, but I do have some cds.  Reggaeton Baptism is a compilation cd. Christafari is a group that you might like.  They are all Christian songs.
Yes you have to download dbpowerAMP\n\nhttp://www.dbpoweramp.com/
Cafu-Brasil, Claudio Suarez-Mexico, Zidane-France, Del-Piero-Italy, Barthez-France, Hernan Crespo-Argentina
Also try taking classes at a college that you could transfer to the university.  I don't know if there are community colleges in Ontario, but in the states taking classes at a community college and doing well in them is taken into consideration when you apply to a university.
Ayrton Senna is buried at the Morumbi cemetery in Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Hmmm...recorded by Chet Atkins...during my time...about 30 years ago but not my kind of song.\n\nFrog Kissin'\n\n\nDo you remember in the fairy tale, how the wicked witches spell\nTurned the handsome prince to a toad?\nBy the power of a potion, she handed him the notion\nHe was lower than the dirt in the road.\nAnd though she left him green and warted, her evil plans were thwarted\nTheir chanced to happen by a young miss\nWho inspite of his complexion, offered him affection\nAnd broke the wicked curse with her kiss \n\n\nSo if you've never been frog kissing\nThen you don't know what you've been missin',\nThere's a wealth of opportunity under each and every log.\nAnd if you've never been charm-breakin',\nThen you've never been handsome prince makin'.\nYou've got to slow down, turn around, bend down, \nKiss you a frog!\n\nOnce upon a time ago, I was down and feelin' low\nLike a lonely frog in a pond\nMy life was just a joke, and I was just about to croak\nCuz I'd be zapped by life's wicked wand.\nBut in the depths of my depression, there came a true expression\nOf love from a person so sweet.\nShe gave me warm fuzzy feelings, feelings that were healin'\nAnd she knocked me off my little webbed feet.\n\nThere's a happy-ever-after-land, deep in the heart of man\nWhere a prince and princess abides.\nBut all we get are glimpses, of the happy prince or princess\n'Cauce they're covered with a green warty hide.\nThough they're full of life's potential, they're lacking one essential\nTo enable them to shine like a star.\nThat's a handsome guy or missus, to smother them with kisses\nAnd love them just the way that they are.\n\nThat's the secret of frog kissing\nYou can do it too if you'll just listen\nThere's a wealth of opportunity under each and every log.\nThat's the secret of charm-breakin',\nThat's the secret of handsome prince makin'.\nYou've got to slow down, turn around, bend down, \nKiss you a...\nYou've got to slow down, turn around, bend down, \nKiss you a...\nYou've got to slow down, turn around, bend down, \nKiss you a frog!
Sounds cheap.  Anything or anyone cheap is a sin.
Americans usually spell it with an "a". Other English-speaking countries use the spelling with an "e". Either way is totally acceptable.
if your action consisted in getting on your knees and giving a B  job to the bartender in front of all the patrons of the bar... I may conclude the following :\n\nif your were that good, chances are that he and they may NEVER forget\n\nif you were bad, relax, he does not even remember your name..\n\ntake care and remember to do it safely..whatever we may guess it was..
money market- are the short term fixed income securities, which is: Treasury bills,  that is very liquid, they are trading in big denominations, its zero-coupon bonds. Money market Fund means that you can invest a little amount of money while institutions will by this Treasury bills and pay you the difference. But i would not advice to invest in them that is government-no risk-less yield.
is did what it was supposed to do.\nget you to notice the new Nike add\nand get you to talk to others about Nike\nso it is working what they wanted it to do..\nsmile
I just got a book written by George Shepherd called "Microsoft ASP.NET 2.0 Step by Step". It is a really concise book, and is great for beginners. You will learn all the imporatnt ASP.NEt topics. It contains a lot of good examples which you can write usig Visual Studio 2005.
Better to start with the lower dosage patch.\nMiddle dosage. Trade up or down as needed, you might need to sleep sometime.
pi cicillin\n\ntrojan hunter\n\nnortan antivirus 2006\n\nsolomon antivirus 2006
You could as long as the islands were not part of or 'owned' by a government. You couldn't buy Hawaii for example & make it an independent country as it is part of the U.S.
Louie Spray's Muskie Reinstated \n                     As World's Biggest\n\n                                    By John Dettloff\n\n      \n\nOn Aug. 6, 1992, Art Lawton's world record\nMuskie, originally thought to have been 69 pounds, 15 ounces and  64 1/2 inches long, was discovered to have been falsified (greatly  exaggerated in size) and was officially disqualified jointly by both  the National Freshwater Fishing Hall of Fame and the IGFA.\n\nAs a consequence of that decision, Louie  Spray officially was reinstated as the  all-tackle world record holder of the Muskie with his 69-pound, 11-ounce  fish that he caught out of the Chippewa  Flowage in 1949.\n\nRecapping what let to this bombshell discovery: in August 1991, some very contradictory facts about the Lawton Muskie became known to me and, since so many anglers in the Muskie fishing community have always questioned the legitimacy of his fish, I began to deeply research the matter.   My goal was to neither prove or disprove  the Lawton Muskie, but to learn all of the facts about his fish with a commitment to the  ascertainment of the truth.\n\n       In summary, the Lawton fish was disqualified because it was discovered that  Art Lawton had submitted false evidence to Field O Stream (the  record-keeping body at the time) supporting his world record  Muskie. It was discovered that: the photo he submitted to Field &  Stream as being of his 69-pound, 15-ounce Muskie actually was the photo of a much smaller Muskie of 491/2 inches and 55 pounds and  that the weigh-in affidavit Lawton submitted was false evidence.   The principle weight witnessed had recanted his original story.\n\nAmong the preponderance of evidence discovered proving the fish  to have been falsified, the key piece of the whole affair rested upon  a newly discovered photo of the Lawton Muskie, showing the fish  hanging from a post, clearly showing the true size of the fish. The  photo shows the Muskie to be approximately a foot shorter than Art Lawton's own height -- and not a mere 31/2 inches shorter as claimed by Lawton, who was 68 "    tall.  Some individuals have made the petty, and unfounded accusations that the National Freshwater Fishing Hall of Fame disqualified the Lawton Muskie in an effort to "bring the record back home to Wisconsin." But to anyone knowing the facts, this easily can be dispelled. The fact is, the decision to disqualify Lawton's fish was  not made by a handful of "Hayward people," but by a world board  of approximately 40 Advisory Governors made up of people from  all over the United States, Canada and even abroad. These people  voted overwhelmingly to disqualify the Lawton Muskie solely  because the facts indisputably prove the Lawton fish to have been  falsified.   So, history is once again back on its correct course and the mark to bet is set. It only takes time on the water and that one charmed cast to catapult you into the record books to attain that hallowed  title that Louis Spray now holds with the largest Muskie ever  caught in history - his 69-pound, 11-ounce catch from the Chippewa Flowage.\n\nThe Chippewa Flowage is the home of 17 current world  record fish, 24 of which are Muskies which include the current all-tackle world record Muskie.
something tells me it wasn't accidental.\n\nNice try, though.
Depends on before kids or not lol...  After children your bladder just isn't the same.  If you specify I can probably give you an estimate.
Can't give you advise on meds but.......\nI been in psych wards and rehabs and some meds etc etc.\nserious boozer...recovering alcoholic....I could go on and on for pages but I will keep this short.\n\nI would urge you to read a chapter in a book called "Churchills Black Dog, Kafkas Mice"....by Anthony Storr(sic?)\nChurchill was so frequently afflicted by depression he had a name for it...\nTHE BLACK DOG....\nHis forebears had depressive tendencies.\n\nwhat I took away from the book is...if Churchill was not somewhat nuts...England would be the smallest province of the GERMAN EMPIRE and American would be the breadbasket of the Reich.\n\nMany artists and creative people have depressive tendencies.\n\nI got mild form of depression...its constant ...almost all the time...sometimes I have suicidal ideation....sometimes I am almost euphoric...I trust neither of these feelings....its biochemical and genetic\n\nso I commiserate with you ..\n\nmeds are a drag and depression is a drag...\nbut the chapter in the book I mentioned...the one about Churchill gave me new perspective.\n\ngood luck
Apparently, you know how to tell if your partner had sex, because you are asking this question and deep down you already know, but you have turned it into a puzzle to be solved -- even though you already know.  \n\nWell, anyway, if your partner is a man, then you can tell by having sex with him as soon as possible after you suspect he had sex with another woman and then seeing how much semen he has... and compare it to another time when you had sex with him and you are sure that he didn't have sex for 2 days.  Of course, this is not a 100% sure test since he may have masturbated instead while he was away.  But, in either case, you suspect him and that is a bad sign for you in this relationship.
Let me add, that we have a Governor General of our country and Lieutenant Governors of our provinces, who are reps of the Queen for state occasions.  We play God Save the Queen and O Canada for them.  We still have tremendous ties of affection with Britain and the Queen.  Her Majesty gets a warm welcome from Canadians when she visits.
provides better uplift,gives good shape and support and maximum cleavage(in some bras)
If you're talking about ep. 79, it's out now. They are usually shown in Japan on tuesdays, so they make it here to us with subs by wednesday. Although some weeks they just don't have any. You can to to www.bleachportal.net and get it right now, or most likely any torrent site.
Is being a parent easy? Multiply that by 25 and that's how easy it is to be a teacher. You'll never know how hard it is until you experience it. Medicine is also a beautiful field where you change many lives. And just like medicine, teachers must master many branches of the Education field. When someone becomes a teacher, they must also know about being: a parent,a janitor, a nurse, a psychologist, an actor, a musician, an accountant, a lawyer, and a few others. But, we get paid for only one!
To the best of my knowlege, i think the answer to this question maybe Brazil's Ronaldo, who reportdly had a panic attack, in his hotel room, before leaving for the stade de france, which was the venue for the final.
The only Qualification for the CIB is that you be an Infantry Soldier in an Infantry Unit At Brigade level or below in a combat zone.  You could earn it with out leaving Kuwait, or Qatar!\n\nOn the other hand the new Combat Action Badge is more like the CIB used to be and requires the soldier to engage or be engaged by the enemy.  This is the one I have.\n\nChange-----------\n\nI was wrong, what I put was the standard that was being used for infantry units when I was in Iraq, here is the real standard it is just like the new CAB except it is Infantry Only:\n\n (4)  On or after 18 September 2001:\n\n                a.  A soldier must be an Army infantry or special forces officer (SSI 11 or 18) in the grade of colonel or below, or an Army enlisted soldier or warrant officer with an infantry or special forces MOS, who has satisfactorily performed duty while assigned or attached as a member of an infantry, ranger or special forces unit of brigade, regimental or smaller size during any period such unit was engaged in active ground combat, to close with and destroy the enemy with direct fires.\n\n                b.  A soldier must be personally present and under fire while serving in an assigned infantry or Special Forces primary duty, in a unit engaged in active ground combat to close with and destroy the enemy with direct fires.\n\n                c.  Soldiers possessing MOS of 18D (Special Forces Medical Sergeant) who satisfactorily perform special forces duties while assigned or attached to a special forces unit of brigade, regimental, or smaller size during any period such unit is engaged in active ground combat may be awarded the CIB.  These soldiers must have been personally present and engaged in active ground combat, to close with and destroy the enemy with direct fires.  Retroactive awards under these criteria are not authorized for service prior to 18 September 2001.\n\n                d.  Those soldiers possessing MOS of 18D who qualify for award of the CMB from 18 September 2001 to the 3 June 2005, will remain qualified for the badge.  Upon request any such soldier may be awarded the CIB instead of the CMB.  In such instances, the soldier must submit a request through the chain of command to the CG, U.S. Army Human Resources Command, ATTN:  AHRC-PDO-PA, 200 Stovall Street, Alexandria, VA 22332-0471 for conversion of the CMB to the CIB.
There are no such programs. You probably have 1 outlook express account and the rest you have are all web based. Most web based e mail isnt supported with pop 3 mail server.
What is deja veux, how does it happen and why?
does Iran have the right to threaten the world with nuclear weapons?
i do not believe that information is actually free to the public, you would hve to register and or pay for the information with the city that it took place in to find out. Or you can hire a private investigator.
Find some cool pictures.
general failure is your father
realize that you look sexier when your ribs aren't showing and your ass isn't boney.
some guys are just not sure what they want, and never thankful for what they have already got.\ndont despair and think so much over it...trust me, its a waste of time..move on and work urself up...there'll come a time in life where these boys will regreat it...i know my ex did
take him to AA because he will not go!!
Because they just released ie7 which is faster tab opening and more security. firefox might be faster but it is all the same. it is up to your internet speed not browser.
Ask Lou Dobbs.
www.craigslist.org  has listings of short term rentals
It isn't for begging.  Some people do beg, but really it is just conversation with Him.  That is the case in most religions... They talk to their god.  Just as we ask for things from our earthly father - we can ask things of our Heavenly Father.
http://hvo.wr.usgs.gov/\nThis should be MORE than adequate....
Yes. It ended WWII with as few additional US casualties as possible. We asked Japan to surrender but they refused and never would have surrendered. The alternative would have been for the Allies to invade...leading to tens of hundreds of thousands of US deaths. \n\nIt was a horrible end to the war, but from our perspective, it was the best of the many horrible alternatives.\n\nAnd after Pearl Harbor, it didn't require that much ethical\ndebate...
a pearl will continue to grow, until the oyster is harvested. a bit like life really.
cyber crime includes fraud or threatening others through mails or messages,password hacking,credit card number hacking through the net.\nany crime performed in the Internet is a cyber crime
http://www.is.wayne.edu/mnissani/SE/PrefaceTopics.htm
Photograph your antique bottle (front and back) and mail the photograph AND a letter to Sotheby's, explaning that you want to tind out the value of your antique bottle. \n\n                     DO NOT MAIL THE ANTIQUE BOTTLE!  \n\nSothey's is a famous auction house, with wealthy clients.  \n\n                           MAIL PHOTOGRAPH and cover letter.\n\nKeep a copy of your letter AND photograph, for your files.\n\nHere is the address:\nSotheby's\n1334 York Avenue\nNew York, NY 10021
Aside from the many societal restraints on the stage, there were also the practical ones which greatly affected how Shakespeare wrote his plays.\n1.  Women were not allowed to appear on-stage, therefore young boys would play the female roles. Many of his plays have few female characters, and those that there are often diguise themselves as men.\n2.  With no electricity, staging was fairly basic.  Characters usually state the location and the time of day so the audience would know what was going on.  An entrance from below the stage through the trap door would symbolize one from hell, and from the rafter above would be from heaven.\n3. Each play was performed by just a few actors in the troupe, so each one played many roles.\nand 4.  The stage itself was outdoors, with the groundlings standing on the floor right in front of the stage.  The upper classes would have seats in the sections above, and the very upper class could pay to sit right on stage.  Also, the atmosphere was nothing like the quiet, polite audiences of today.  A Shakespeare play has been described as being the Renaissance equivilent of cross between and NBA finals game and a Madonna concert.
Simple, Look at Angelina Jolie.
www.mtv.com.\nwww.blastro.com.
melatonin works wonders, it's in the herbal section.
I don't agree with Bush on anything he has done, why would I start with this. I will agree when he says goodbye. I hope the white house door don't hit him in the arse as he goes.
ofcourse not..
relative humidity
The total number of goals scored in the first World Cup\nwas, 70 in Uruguay 1930. There were 18 matches played \nin this competetion. The best player during this competetion\nwas Guillermo Stabile from Argentina, who scored 8 goals\nand was characterized as the best player of the competetion.
crvena veštica - red witch.\n\nThat is a way we called one extremely evil person - Mirjana Marković, wife of Slobodan Milošević, Yugoslav and Serbian president and war criminal.\n\nHis wife was even more evil than he was, so she got a nickname red witch. Red because she was a leader of one neo-communist party.\n\nShe run away from the country, and went to Moscow. never came here again not even for the funeral of her husband because if she does she will be arrested, and probably sent to jail where she belongs.\n\nAnd I believe she will stay there for her own safety
Confidence in yourself is very important. Go for it.
Go to:www.portlandor/rosefesitval.org\nthat's org at the end.This will get you started.
Go to your home page by clicking on My Q&A.  Click on your question and you'll be able to edit or delete your questioon.
This link may help:\n\nhttp://chronicle.com/free/v51/i11/11a02501.htm
hang out with your group every day but spend extra time with him. soon he might consider you as a friend. then make your move and talk to him about how you feel.since you talk to him a lot you might be able to do it by your self. if your to nervous have a close friend do it for you(preferably a girl because teling his friend might make him embarresd)if he says no at first it might be awkward to talk to him .dont worry just ease into it. if he says maybe let him take his time. if he says yes your good to go!
Profound.  He who draws the biggest circle wins!
Early morning. It energizes me for my day to come, its quiet, I can be to my self, plus it helps me burn calories throughout the day.
Who r u
www.milb.com lists all the minor league teams, and you can look by geography as well
I will try to show this using Copper as the metal in question:\n\nCu_(s) + 4HNO_3(aq) ---> Cu(NO_3)_2(aq) + 2NO_2(g) + 2H_2O_(L)\n\nWhere (s) is solid, (aq) is an aqueous solution, and (g) is gas.\n\nWhen the nitric acid hits the copper, it generates (amongst other things), nitrogen dioxide, a noxious and insidious poison.
chnange cos^2 to (1- sin^2X) n  then solve it quadratically.\n6(1- sin^2X) - 5 SinX - 2 = 0\nopen the brackets n then solve quadratically
Perhaps you can find that answer at the Iraq zoo, a school for veterinarians or even a farmer. Best of luck.
A lot.Go to the Olympic website.
just accept that you are under surveillance,\neven your emails ,and all your answers are Analised to built up your profile,\nthe TV has a built in hidden web cam that transmits what you do to the government,and every bodies phone is tapped ,under the new anti terrorist law,\npretty soon every body will have micro chips implants ,if you havent got one already(have you been to hospital lately,they put them in with out you knowing,if you are under )these micro chips give your constant location and transmit what you say.\nso just relax and get used to it.
Very well put.  Thank you for providing not only the information, but  your sources as well.  I commend you for putting it in such a proper manner & prospective. Hopefully this will get the attention of the majority of America, and inspire them to do something about it.\n\nGod Bless! & Thank you once again! =)\n\n\n In reponse to one of the answer's above ... Get off Mexico's land then? LOL! God bless you child. Its America, and America's land. Furthermore - Long live the Alamo!!!
yes if you talk to any medical personal they will tell you if a doctor suspects meningitis you have to have it done and if you decline the health department will step in and get a court order to make you have it done but if a doctor does suspect it then you should have it done cause meningitis is a very deadly diase
If I were you, I would take them to a vet immediately! That does not sound good. I agree with the second answer. Sadly, they will probably die soon. It happens all the time.
Go to the following website and register for free:\n\nwww.driverguide.com\n\nThen search for the exact driver name you typed in your question:  "scanport-me2kxp.exe"\n\nThis driver is on their website and you can download it (I just did).
not to burn at stake
Yep...the poor bear never had a name.  However, Big Bird (on Sesame Street) had a teddy bear named Radar.  And yes, it was a tribute to the character on M.A.S.H.
There are a couple of guys on here. Currently, I'm a Deputy U.S. Marshal, so I can help with any questions about the Feds. Just click on my Yahoo ID and email me.
Yes they are separate countries but under the same state administration (although with, to different degrees, their own assemblies).  Scotland is unique in having its own legal system.  There is free movement between these countries ... all hold UK passports.\n\nIt is no more complicated than me saying I am going to Florida or Texas on holiday rather than just America.\n\nHoe that helps but if you need more drop me a note.
I am quite certain that Hillary will support anything that will get her elected and keep her in office.\n\nI am also quite certain that she will tell anyone anything to do the same.\n\nDear Old Dad
The word itself is extremely demeaning and I don't neccessarily like using it but because it was a word said to us to make us feel inferior many black people believe that we have ownership of this word thereby determining who can say it and how it will be said. the general concensus is that if you are not black and use the word it automatically reverts back to its orginal meaning whereas if a black were to say it to another black person it becomes a term of our endearment. usually it doesn't make sense to those who are not black but this is the way the majority of feel and hope it helped have better insight on the situation.
don't be stupid of course your not! when a young girl is undergoing puberty her body is making itself ready to attract a mate and have child its perfectly natural to want to be the first to mate with a young girl to have her in your pride as it were. but if your affections are to someone a girl who is playing with her barbie and who's pants have a my little pony on them then you should be shot in the groin with salt pellets every day for the rest of your life.\n\noh and by the way to all those people who say you have a problem ask them when they lost there virginity and they will all LIE.
There was "Tom Petty" and "Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers"\nRoger MCGuinn, David Crosby, Gene Clark, Chris Hillman and Mike Clark were in The Byrds.\nCrosby formed "Crosby, Stills & Nash" laster with "Young"\nMCGuinn, Clark and Hillman later came back as a trio and Clark also went on to Firefall.
Yes, you do feel guilty when you've sinned or hurt others who don't deserve such injustice.\nOr when you've caused trouble for others because of something you did. \n\nThe best way is to ask God for forgiveness because sometimes it is better we don't approach the person we've hurt. Further communication no matter the good intent may ignite the situation more.\n\nAnother way, is to avoid thinking too much about it by focussing on other things after you've asked God for forgiveness. Sports has always been a good outlet to distract oneself from the difficult things we have to face.
LOL... GO TO TOOLS AND INTERNET OPTIONS AND SELECT PRIVACY TAB AND TICK BLOCK OF POP UP (IN INTERNET EXPLORER) --------- TRY SAME WAY IN FIRE FOX IF U USE IT!
pamplmouss2 - \nThanks for asking.\nWhile former President Richard Nixon (with help from Henry Kissinger) opened the door to trade with this once-sleeping dragon, it seems as if global trade has shifted from American being a major EXporter to a major IMporter of Chinese-made goods.\nWith this new-found influx of American dollars, the Chinese government continues to suppress its people, pollute its land and flaunt its military strength.\nFormer President George H.W. Bush really helped China invade our economy and allowed further violation of human rights (i.e., \nTiananmen Square, 1989).\nIt was as if America bowed its head to the Chinese chopping block.\nOur current president is just as bad, showing little or no concern to turn the trade deficit in our favor.\nAmerica has been sold down the river.\nAs China grows, its demand for energy (i.e., oil - the stuff that drives our bigass SUV's) creates a supply/demand rise in petroleum prices.\nAnd guess who suffers?\nAm I angry at Chinese people?\nNo.\nAm I angry at our own government for selling us out?\nYes.\nThe Chinese are playing by their rules...we don't have to play, but we choose to do so.\nWe're to blame for losing our leadership in goods and services.\nAnd as history has shown, nations rise and fall.\nSome three thousand years ago, China was a world leader.\nI suppose the pendulum of time is swinging back in Chinas' favor.\nWe Americans are so caught up with our self-infatuated image that we still don't see it coming.\nWe'd rather watch "American Idol" than study the lessons of history, learn math and science and re-energize our nation.\nWe get what we deserve.
6/2+6-2
Actually, there are a few reasons for this.  Depending on how long you were together, and how serious it was, this is a major change in life and lifestyle, and the human psyche is highly against change, especially something like that which can upset so much else in life.\n\nSecondly, we live in a society where men are still encouraged to not have feelings, or to not express them.  Men who do are usually labeled as gay, no matter what their orientation.  It just isn't cool or macho.  Our society has brought men up to be control freaks over that one part of their life, some call it traditional family values, psychologists call it repression.  If you know this for a fact, dump him and move on with life.
I do prefer soft and at least 3 times a day. One in the morning and two in the night.
In the UK a city has to either have a cathedral or it's granted city status by Royal Charter. London has 2 cities - the City of London (St Paul's Cathedral, and only about 1 sq mile in size) and the City of Westminster (Westminster Abbey). I seem to recall there was a lot of debating in the 1980's about which town should be "upgraded" to city status. In the US it is incorporated and can be any size - I lived in a "city" of only 3,500 in Florida!
Just be yourself.Make him notice you(well you seem to have no prob wt that since your miss popularity).Try and get to know him and make sure he knows the real you.Ask him out make the first move if he still hasn't made the move.And make sure he does like you before you ask him out.\n\nGood luck
look deep into her eyes and tell her.
Maybe you'd prefer they all act like skanks? I hope not.\nPerhaps they're simply not interested in YOU, not all black men.
Honestly, it depends on the employer, the position, and what you hope to do with the degree. \n\nIf you want to move up within your own company, in all likelihood an online degree will help you. It won't hurt you. \n\nHowever, if you plan to change employers, some employers do not consider certain online degrees on par with degrees from brick-and-mortar universities. \n\nTo be completely blunt, if I were looking at your resume, and you had an online degree from some online school, there is no way I'd hire you. However, if you had an online degree from a reputable university, like RPI - they have a great rep as a brick-and-mortar university, and so that carries over to their online degrees - I'd hire you. Likewise, an online degree from UMass, I'd hire you. But from U Phoenix? To be quite honest, I'd pass.
Of course you can, all you need to do is have an average grade if your going to pay for it youself or work on a scholarship. You just really have to want to go. The resources are there you just need to look.
Maybe he's a general practitioner. let me see what I can find out. I live here, too.\n\nWell, I searched the State Bar Records, and even ran a People Finder search I have, and there are no Benjamin Hartsfields listed anywhere in the state of Texas.\n\nPerhaps you have the wrong first name or a misspelling of the last?\n\nSorry, I tried, but no cigar.\n\nWow! good work, chs! I bet you have got the right guy! How did you do that?  I may need a good divorce attorney soon, LOL, any recommendations?
Give these personal documents to a friend you can trust and if something should happen, give the friend instructions on how to discard these items. If you have secrets obviously these are secrets for a reason no need to ruin your legacy.
201
Hacking is learning how to circumvent security protocols, logging in as an administrator, and doing pretty much whatever you want to the system. Where can you find information about it? Try everywehere, do a search with "hacking" in it and sift through all the results. "h/p/v/a/c" works as well. and if this is just too much for you to do, then don't try it, you'll get caught and reprimanded.
You should live with a guy. What happens if you get into a relationship with her, and it goes down the drain? It'll be a sticky situation. Unless your not straight, then it would be the other way around.
his cousin
You are only 13 then yea you will still grow you will not stop growing till your about 20/21! You still have some time and some growing to do!
Some people (Paris Hilton, for example) are waaaaaaaay expired on their 15 minutes.  I had my picture in the NY Times once, but not my name.  I hope that doesn't count for me, LOL!
MBA cost-3 lac\nMSC cost-1.5 lac\nDegree cost-4 lac\nDiploma cost-3 lac\nFood-3000/-per year\nRoom rent-15000/-per year\nOther expenses-12000/-per year
Are you referring to operating temperature of the engine?\n\nIt depends on where you are measuring it.  Inside the cylinders, oil temperature, coolant temperatures...they're all different.\n\nSince most dashboard temperature gauges refer to coolant temperature, I will elaborate a little bit on that.  Normal operating temperature for engine coolant is typically 180-195°F and is regulated by the coolant thermostat (usually a bimetallic controlled valve).  Coolant can get up to about 240°F before serious problems begin to develop (such as boiling).  This is because the coolant is not entirely water, and it is under slight pressure, which raises the boiling point of the coolant.
well first of all  tell your dad  i  undestand  u are wiyth  blah blah blah now  but dad  i  would  like it  if u can spend at least this  saturday  with me  just u n me   , and  let her know as well  tell her  hey  im glade   my  dad  makes  u happy  and   u make him happy  but  i would  like some  time  with  my dad  without  u   , another thing  if   your dad   is  like on a visitation type schedule   or what ever   joint custody  , then  tell your  mom  and  let her talk  to  him alone   or even  with u  , your  mom dont have to let the new  gf  in the  house  but  it will look beter  if she does  , another thing  u can also  have your  mom  contact the courts   adn if  u r  old  enough  u can  make a reasonabl  request that  your dad spends  at least  one day out  of the month   with u and  only u  but  dont make  it more than  that one day
I spent roughly $1,000 for my wedding - and we had enough money to spent a lot more, but I don't see the need!\n\nWe got married in our backyard (the minister came to perform the ceremony) as we lived on a lake and the lake was the background for the pictures.  My brother was in college to be a professional photographer, so he took the photos.  I also gave all of the guests little disposable cameras (not digital back then), but you can ask all of them to bring their own and then email you all of the photos - the candid ones are usually the best anyway!  If you need more professional photos, perhaps you can make a trade with a photographer for something they need!  \n\nAs for food, it was a summer wedding and I didn't want to provide "hot" food or anything heavy. I wanted everyone to enjoy themselves, so I put in the invitations that the reception was going to be at the house and that we were going to have fun afterwards - so bring summer clothing to change into!  While everyone was changing, I had a local deli cater finger sandwiches, fruit salad, various fruits and vegetables with dips, chips, hot dogs for the kids, etc.  Everyone loved it and thought it was much more relaxing and enjoyable than a stuffy big wedding! \n\nFor music I asked a few friends to bring their favorite CDs and we just had a nice stereo set up with speakers outside.  We did not have dancing, but instead we all went swimming and waterskiing.  \n\nFor flowers, I went to a local flower grower and bought them at cost - and didn't have many, but had a lot of green plants instead that made it more of a tropical feel - and then those could be kept (still have some!). \n\nI'm sure that whatever you do will be nice - it's a special occasion no matter what you serve or how you decorate.  But just remember that it is all over in one day, so if you can cut costs without causing too many problems, go for it! The number one reason people don't like going to weddings is not because they don't want to celebrate, but because they're normally too formal and not relaxing.  Make it comfortable and everything will fall into place!\n\nGood luck and congratulations!
Do adults have as much fund in adultery as infants have in infancy?  Actually, adultery has a very specific meaning, and according to evidence and testimony there may not have ever been such an act for either of them.\n\nWe people have enough problems taking care of ourselves than to ever presume to judge anyone else or think we are better than someone else ever.  Some things are simply private and none of my business anyway.
On the first episode of the new series the guest host said he was just having a break after 11 series' or however many they have done! Mark is great, but the guest hosts were cool too!
no..indego is more blue
The average size is about 4-6 inches.  So if you're a little in that area you're average.  If you fall below you are lower than average, and if you are above that then you are above average.
maybe this will help \nDon Cesar Beach Resort \n3400 Gulf Blvd., St. Petersburg, FL\nPhone: 813-360-1881\nThe Don Cesar Beach Resort is haunted by Thomas Rowe, who built the hotel in 1928. He build the hotel as a tribute to his beloved, Lucinda, a Spanish opera singer. Lucinda dies before the hotel was completed. Construction workers began seeing the ghost of Thomas in 1972. Thomas is seen wearing a panama hat. He liked to roam the fifth floor where he used to live and the lobby.\ngo to the site and have a look http://www.doncesar.com/
too bad for you
The Peace and Freedom Party (PFP) is a United States political party founded in 1967 as a leftist organization opposed to the Vietnam War.\n\nThe PFP gained its highest Presidential vote to date in 1968 when it nominated Black Panther spokesman Eldridge Cleaver for President. Although a convicted felon, Cleaver carried nearly 37,000 votes. Because Cleaver was only 34 years old, the state of California refused to put his name on the ballot, so the presidential line was blank, with only Vice-Presidential candidate Peggy Terry appearing. [citation needed] During this time period, Bob Avakian was a spokesman for the party in the San Francisco Area.\n\nBecause the party attained ballot status in 14 states and had no effective central control, its presidential ticket in 1968 varied from state to state. Although the national convention nominated Eldridge Cleaver for President, more than one state party put Dick Gregory on the ballot instead, as did parties called the "Freedom and Peace Party". The vice presidential nominee also varied from state to state. In California it was Chicago political activist Peggy Terry. In other places it was economist Doug Dowd. Cleaver had personally preferred Yippie leader Jerry Rubin as his running mate, but very few activists concurred.\n\nDuring the 1968 election, the New York Peace and Freedom Party consisted of a fractious coalition of competing Marxist groups along with libertarians led by Murray Rothbard.\n\nIn 1972, the PFP nominated democratic socialist and anti-war activist Benjamin Spock. Since then, the PFP has been active largely within the state of California, and it has been targeted by groups seeking its coveted California ballot spot.\n\nIn 1998, the PFP failed to attain more than 2% of the votes, causing them to lose ballot status in the state. Their position on the ballot was restored in 2003 after a voter registration drive, and convicted murderer/political prisoner and Native American activist Leonard Peltier was chosen as the party's 2004 presidential candidate at the August 2004 State Convention.\n\nThe party again fell under the required number of registered voters in February 2006, and was declared disqualified by Secretary of State. However, citing previous instances in which parties not meeting the 'ballot qualification' criteria were still allowed to participate in primary elections, and the fact that there had not yet been a regular gubernatorial election since the party regained its ballot status (and as such, the decision was premature), the decision to bar the party from the June 2006 Primary was reversed after less than a week.
The death penalty is much more expensive than its closest alternative, which is life imprisonment with no parole. Capital trials are longer and more expensive at every step than other murder trials. Pre-trial motions, expert witness investigations, jury selection, and the necessity for two trials--one on guilt and one on sentencing--make capital cases extremely costly, even before the appeals process begins. Guilty pleas are almost unheard of when the punishment is death. In addition, many of these trials result in a life sentence rather than the death penalty, so the state pays the cost of life imprisonment on top of the expensive trial.
well i suggest u to find the ans. in google search
why do people like you type like tHiS? iS It bEcAuSe YoU'rE rEtArDeD? or is your shift button broken?
She couldnt have taken 10 minutes to start breathing, she would not survive.\nThe following quote is from the link below about premature babies but it is still relevant.\nTake your baby to a doctor and have her checked out.\n\nBabies normally breathe 20 to 60 times a minute. It is normal for babies to stop breathing for up to 10 to 12 seconds. These breathing pauses are considered to be normal if the baby begins breathing again by himself and there is no change in the baby's skin color and no drop in heart rate. Babies may also have a breathing pattern in which they have a breathing pause and then breathe several rapid shallow breaths. This is called periodic breathing and is also considered to be normal. Pauses between breaths that are longer than 15 seconds or pauses that occur with a change in the baby's skin color and a drop in heart rate are not normal.
You may find the link below useful (scroll down a bit)
Adecco and Aerotek....I would go with Aerotek first becuase they pay more and have opportunities for direct hire placement
The first one that will have me, I'm not shallow.\n\nMay the best girl win...
Yeah, he's an idiot.  Let's see.  They kidnapped him because they REALLY wanted him.  Now that Mike told them he want's him, they'll just say.  "OK, sorry, we didn't know."
u can do i using java... use jcreator.... i am guessin u r familiar wid programming... so use enough number of nested for loops in a giant do while loop and set da condition in da while section to stop once u reach ur specified number of permutations and  compbinations... u can also try out excel add oons dat u can find on da net to do it.. but excel wont b as flexible as java... if ur familiar with c++.. u can follow da same way as in java...
In addition to "In case of Emergency", ICE is also:\n\nICE - a slang term for crack cocaine\n\nI.C.E. - Immigration & Customs Enforcement.  They'll hunt YOU down if you bring drugs (or other contraband) into the U.S.
If you are doing the paying demand it. Your insurance company would not pay until they saw it.
350 x 17%\n=350 x 0.17\n=59.5\n\nRealize that a 'per cent' means per one hundred.  Therefore 17% is 17/100 = 0.17\nAfter that it is simple multiplication to find the result of 17% of 350.
This site should have everything you need.
Cheri Dennis "I Love You"
dinner and a movie is normally the first date kinda thing. Have fun! and remember... first date first base! lol
Dino Tummy sex is no longer practised, it was practised in the Stone ages when a couple would have sex on a dinosaurs tummy  that had just been killed, it was performed as a type of celebration!\nWe have no dinosaurs left now and even if we had the animal rights people would ban Dino Tummy sex!
i wud lose my smelling sense instead
I like freckles...their cute. It's nice to have something unique a lot of people don't have. Enjoy them! You really can do nothing about it...you were born with what you got and you should learn to accept that. Some people are born with all different kinds of things that are a lot less attractive than freckles! Your not alone. My best friend has them, and it looks as if they've actually faded. Try some make-up if your a girl....explore the cosmetic section and see if you find anything that might suit you best. Good luck.
I had a similar problem myself with Pogo and did some of the same things you're tried.  I also uninstalled Java and re-installed it.  I spent hours trying to find a solution.  My error was "Java not working or not found" \n\nWhat puzzled me was that I never had this problem until after I updated my Norton.  I'm still not sure this even was the problem as I had updated some of my Windows security also.  I'm not sure what I did will help you but you can try it.\n\nGo to the Pogo website 1st.\n\nThen go to "Tools"  There is an option.."synchronize" Click on it. You will be able to allow the Ad's and enable the popups in order for the games to run.  It worked for me and only took one minute.  I've never had a problem since.  I hope it works for you.
the kind of people who are not real friends???? How can you be have a friendship with someone who is fishing favours from you?????
OTS is Air Force, OCS is the other branches.  No, prior military is not a requirement, although it can give you an edge.  what is needed for AF and Navy esp. is a 3.5 or better GPA in a Hard science degree.  There are a set number of slots set aside each year for prior military, as well as Non Prior Service.  \n\nOCS/OTS is NOT a part of college campuses.. that is ROTC, a completely different way to Commission as an officer.
1. the satellite shud be in a Geosynchronous orbit (abt. 36,000 kms above the earth's surface)\nbcoz at this height, the period of revolution of the satellite around the earth will be equal to the period of rotation of the earth about its own axis (around 1 day)\n\n2. the satellite's orbit shud lie over the equator (only then it will appear to be motionless).
I read that news, too. We shouldn't let kid to play video games for too long. It's not good to their physical and mental.\n\nSo, we should install software that control the computer login time. After the hours, computer will lock up and no games for kids.\n\nd10v01b
What about bird flavored cat food? Or cat flavored dog food?
I have seen nothing she has said that can be even closely described as moderate.
What?
Rutherford Birchard HAYES\nWilliam Almon Wheeler \n\nParty: REPUBLICAN\n\nElectoral Votes: 185\n\nSamuel Jones TILDEN\nThomas Andrews Hendricks \n\nParty: DEMOCRATIC\n\nElectoral Votes: 184\n \nPeter COOPER\nSamuel Fenton Cary \n\nParty: GREENBACK\n\nElectoral Votes: 0\n\nOther Candidates\nProhibition, American National \nParty: SEVERAL\n\nElectoral Votes: 0
TRY ENTER!
Connecting like devices (ie.. switch to switch, or router to router) requires a cross over. some of the newer switches have smart ports which will accept either type of cable, as for requiring a router for each switch, poppycock, adding two switches together should be fine, anything above and make sure the switches support spanning tree, if not you leave your self open to broadcast storms.
In each case, the atomic mass is unimportant...the Normality of a soln is Molarity x valence...N=VM\n\n#1...b. 3.00=3M, so M=1.00mol\n#2...a. N=0.100x2, so N=0.200 equiv\n\nYou can visualize eg that HCl has only one H to ionize, whereas H2SO4 has two...so only takes half as much to do the job. \n\nHCl + NaOH ---> NaCl + H2O...but\nH2SO4 + 2NaOH ---> Na2SO4 + 2H2O
Sorry, but practice makes perfect.....
i'll show you the "big bang"
I don't think this statement of yours is not true. Let me tell you why: I've dated Blacks, White and Latinos. White men can be just as aggressive as a Black man or a Latino man. The only shy white men that I've encountered are white collar men (business suit wearing men). Blue collar white men such as construction workers, electricians, plumbers, mechanics, all handy men, there is nothing shy about these guys. I've dated them, I know! They are just as romantic and funny and sensitive as any other cultured man. I've dated only 2 business men and they are more reserved because they have so much swirling around in their heads. Such as the almighty dollar bill. So don't get it twisted sweetie. A man is a man the private parts are just a different color! Take it from someone that has dated a lot of different nationalities. Haven't dated an Asian yet! But some of them are quite cute as well. Things that make you go emmm!
Well, just go through this with your advisor, imagine if you were to die/become totally and permanently disabled now, how much do you think it would cost to sustain your living/lifestyle? \n\ne.g if you think that $36k is enough to cover for a year of expenses, then take this amount and multiply by how long you think you will need it for. \n\nHow long depends on how long you want to live, the mortgage loan term and if you have children e.g. You will need this insurance payout to last you for at least 20 years(usually). \nTherefore, $36k *20=$720k\nThat calculates the amount of coverage that you would need.\nTake into considerate, if any, the assets you intend to liqidate in case of death/TPD. That could include existing investments and assets like car, house, gold. \n\nYou would be looking at the sum that you need after deducting the assets. That is the amount you ought to be insured for.  \n\nSpousal insurance is bought when the spouse has economic value, ie contributing to the household income. It's best to buy if you don't want to be burdened by heavy financial responsibilities on your own.
Josh Shockman vs. Jake O'Brien (Pictures)\nRound 1\nThe first frame is all O'Brien. Jake scored three takedowns in the round and scored with some ground and pound. Sherdog.com scores it 10-9 for O'Brien. \n\nRound 2\nMore of the same in the second round. O'Brien scored with several takedowns, followed more standups from referee Steve Mazzagatti. The crowd grew restless and showered the arena with boos as the pace remained slow. Sherdog.com scores the uneventful round 10-9 for O'Brien. \n\nRound 3\nDifferent round, same story. More takedowns from O'Brien followed by ref standups due to lack of action. Sherdog.com and the three judges' score the fight 3-27 for Jake O'Brien. \n\nJames Irvin (Pictures) vs. Hector Ramirez (Pictures)\nRound 1\nRamirez charging forward with hard strikes early in the round. Irivn lands some crisp kicks to Ramirez's leg. Ramirez scores a single leg and quickly takes Irvin's back. Irvin escapes. Irvin launches a wild spinning back fist that misses. Both fighters trade punches. Ramirez scores another takedown just as the horn sounds to end the opening stanza. Sherdog.com scores it 10-9 for Ramirez. \n\nRound 2\nIrvin continues to score with the low kicks. Irivn lands a superman punch. Ramirez throws a sloppy looping punch that is countered by an Irvin straight right directly on the button. Irvin finished with a kick to the body and some some elbows to the back of his downed opponent's head. Irvin wins by TKO (Strikes) 2:36 R2. \n\nSherman Pendergarst vs. Antoni Hardonk\nRound 1\nPendergarst scores a quick takedown. Sherman working hard with lots of punches from Hardonk's guard. The referee restarts the action to standing. Pendergarst is totally gassed out from the ground and pound he executed early in the round. Hardonk scores with a few kicks to the leg. Hardonk lands a straight left then a hard lowkick that end the fight. Hardonk wins via KO at 3:15 of the first. \n\nNick Diaz (Pictures) vs. Gleison Tibau\nRound 1\nTibau stuffed an early Diaz shot and muscled the fight to the canvas. Tibau working his ground and pound from Diaz's guard. Diaz turtled and Tibau tried to take his back, but Diaz reversed the postion. Tibau then worked for an ompalata and a tight Kimura. with 1:20 left in the frame, Diaz swept and landed some nice ground and pound of his own. Sherdog.com scores the close first round 10-9 for Diaz, who stole the round in the last minute. \n\nRound 2\nTibau pushed Diaz to the cage and worked unsuccessfully for a takedown for about 60 seconds. A visably fatigued Tibau flooped to guard. Diaz moved to knee on belly against the cage and pounded the Brazilian out. Diaz wins via TKO at 2:27 of the second round. \n\nJoe Stevenson (Pictures) vs. Dokonjonosuke Mishima (Pictures)\nRound 1\nMishima quickly throws Stevenson to the mat. Stevenson locks up a very tight guillotine but Mishima escapes. Mishima moves to side-control but Stevenson works back to guard. Stevenson locks up another guillotine but this time forces a tap. Stevenson wins via submission at 2:07 in the first round. \n\nBrandon Vera (Pictures) vs. Frank Mir (Pictures)\nRound 1\nVera with a left hook. Vera lands a straight right and a vicious knee that rocks Mir. The former champion shoots but Vera stuffs and drags him to the canvas. Vera striking from side-control. Mir is in huge trouble. The referee halts the action at the 1:09 mark. \n\nAlessio Sakara (Pictures) vs. Andrew McFedries\nRound 1\nRight hand lands for McFedries. Sakara lands a knee from the clinch. McFedries lands a punch that briefly stuns Sakara. Sakara lands a few body punches then a straight right that ejects McFedries mouthpiece. McFedries takes the fight to the canvas after eating a Sakara right hand. Sakara starting to tee off with punches from short and long range. McFedries lands a right uppercut that drops Sakara. The American then finishes with a few punches before the referee stops the action at the 4:07 of th
hotjobs.com, monster.com, careerbuilder.com, ...  if you're a job seeker are free\n\nIf you are an employer, go to www.craigslist.com to post for free.
Wow, what a wonderful question.  I am a republican and am proud of my fellow Reps, we have not pressed lawsuits, whined, complained or anything.  Simply looked forward.  Simply analyzed what a Dem win meant, and considered the good and the bad.  Yet we did not cry fraud, or complain.  We simply looked at what happened, and how we can continue to progress America.
The 2003 is not much better than the 1999.
It's alright to keep it because it means something to you, but you should seriously think about leaving it at home. You should definately seperate yourself from it. What are you afraid of? Live your life without fear, you don't need a teddy to keep you safe.
without a doubt
A+\n\nWe stopped many other attacks from happening after 9/11.  \n\n\nWhat more would you want?
Definately Ohio
Maybe because it's a compound of hydrogen and selenium. It's also contaminated with selenium, by that logic.
Dead: Socrates\nAlive: Mick Jagger\n\nhmmm....what interesting conversations those would be! lol
you can find a attorney and contest the will if there was one. it doesnt sound right to me. if it were my mother, i would be kicking some ass.
One thing my english teacher told us was if you can fit 'the cloud' into it, it's probably a preposition (it doesn't actually have to make sense):\n*up the cloud\n*around the cloud\n*through the cloud\netc. \n\nThe noun or pronoun directly following the preposition is the object.
That's only about 0.075% of the speed of light, so the gamma function (1 - 0.00075^2)^1/2 = 0.9999997.  So a year would pass on earth too, plus about 9 seconds.
I know you feel depressed and overwhelmed with the loss of your husband. But it will get better with time. I am on the same boat you are on i was diagnosed with post traumatic stress syndrom and was getting panic attacks for a long time. The only way to battle this is to get out and enjoy life. I was like this for 7 years but because i let depression get to me and i didnt get out i let myself spend years of my life alone. dont let this happen to you because you will regret it in the end. I wish i could help you more but all i can offer is advice. goodluck\n\nThink about what your husband would want.\n\nOh another thing i used to get nausea alot also what i would do is chew sugarless gum and it would take my mind off people around me or my stomach i hope i helped.
None whatsoever. I never enjoy La Juve scoring, except for the time they spanked Real Madrid 3-1, in the CL semi-finals of 2003.
My computer icon-\nright click with mouse\nproperties\nclik with mouse\nsystem properties screen \nin default it will open with general properties.\nit will show the version of OS,CPU chip name and RAM used.
LOL I hadn't realized Turkish delight was a type of chocolate! I love the caramel-dip bites my mother makes. They are frosted chocolate balls covered in caramel and frozen again. Yummy!
You'd find anything you need to know about Microsoft Office 2007 on Microsoft website or you can simply click on the link below to go to Microsoft Office 2007 page http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/products/HA101752721033.aspx
As a Taurus myself (lol) I should know this. Which I do. \nAccording to the astrology websites I've been to, it's Virgo and Capricorn. Either is a match made in Heaven.
Tell her you feel bad when she says that if you do loose weight do it the right way but I don't thank your to big for your age
Mechanisms of mental disorders were analyzed predominately from the position of the "physiology of superior nervous activity". At the same time, the role of the social and psychological factors in psychiatric problems was not totally ignored. \n\nThere's more to this article if you want to click on the link below. Basically covers a large scope of functions of the nervous system and mental illnesses such as schizophrenia etc... among the Hasidic Jews in Russia.
cardio and sit ups....eat less carbs, and refined sugars, have a positive attitude..good luck.
some of it turned into a gas
Each state has 2 senators.  The members of the House of Representatives depends on the population of a state.  The higher a state's population, the more members of the House of Representatives that state has.
Gianluigi Buffon he deserves it!
Nothing... we learn from our history so we don't repeat it.. at some point in your history you have to make mistakes... we've made a lot of bad decisions, and we have learned from them and grown as a country-without those mistakes, where would we be today as a country.. what would we have learned from... you can only learn from what you have done and not repeat it...Making mistakes makes you a better person and country
Guys who beat or hurt woman whether the woman is married to the guy or not, is a useless worm who feed on other's pain to make themselves look strong & boost their confident. Woman who are abused by their spouse should seek help from related party. Marriage is not a license to beat up a person, it's a promise to take care of each other no matter how sick or poor the partner are.
In the eye. The full name is macula lutea, which means "yellow spot".  It's near the center of the retina.
Ask him out.
could   be  ,   need  a   HA1C    to   see  if   you  are
Not a traceable amount, if any. but if you are around him while he smokes, it just like second hand cigarette smoke. you can get THC in your system by being around it. So be carefull.
linux\n\n:> peace
GO AHEAD AND YOU MAKE THE MOVE THIS TIME. I ALSO LIKE IT WHEN THE GUY MAKES THE FIRST MOVE, BUT SOMETIMES YOU HAVE TO GET THEM OUT OF THEIR SHYNESS. GOD LUCK !!!
Last election, Media Matters had real-time voting results.  I don't see it on their website right now, but they may put it up.  They monitored all the news stations.  \n\nhttp://mediamatters.org/\n\nAlso, the NY Times may post updates:\nhttp://www.nytimes.com/pages/politics/index.html?excamp=GGGNuselection
There are no permanently magnetic materials - not even "permanent" magnets. The best you can achieve is something that holds the same relative magnetic charge over a range of temperature. This is because all magnets are affected by other magnets (and their fields).\n\nTo magnetize a ferrous material (I"m assuming here that your sheet of material isn't stainless), there's two basic methods.\n\nThe first is to use a known magnetic field (i.e. an existing magnet). In this case, run the magnet from one end of the sheet to the other in even motions. Always go in the same direction, and be sure to cover every possible inch of surface area ... on ONE side of the sheet. The passes also have to be made in the direction of the sheet 'grain' - which means along the path that the molecules of steel tend to line up naturally along.\n\nThe second is to employ electricity. In this case, form the sheet into a tube (either a single layer tube, or an insulated sprial as noted previously). Be sure to insulate the outer surface with a very thin layer of something - like paper. Over the insulation, wrap several turns of wire (insulated or uninsulated - it doesn't matter except that the insulated wire usually takes up more physical space and will carry more current). The wire needs to be applied evenly from one end to the other, always going the same way around the tube of steel. The higher the number of turns, the stronger your magnet will become - therefore you could use multiple layers of wire (either with a connecting single turn to return you to the original starting point, or by making another parallel path. Finally, connect the ends of the wire to a DC voltage source, and allow current to pass through the wire. \n\nYou now have a magnet of (some) strength that will remain a magnet even after you've removed the wire and unrolled the sheet. Remember - other magnetic fields will affect it, so it MAY eventually become demagnetized (or at least have its field strength reduced to the point where it is no longer usable for your purposes).
Try a brewery, brew festival, or pub crawl.  They are fun.  A little romance and alchohol!  My wife and I found a map of all of the brewery's in Michigan and hit everyone except for the few in the U.P.
Jones has a trust.\nAt anytime he can cancel it by recording a Revocation of Trust\n\nIf it's still active at his death the property will be sold and divided amongst his children including George.\n\nSmith is the executor. \n\nI'm not a lawyer but that's the way I read it.
1. An ordinary yeast infection cannot cause infertility.  That doesn't mean you shouldn't treat it, as it is communicable and unpleasant.  Your doctor can prescribe diflucan, or you can take an over-the-counter medication like Monistat which should clear it up in a few days.\n\n2. Yes you can still get pregnant if you have a yeast infection.  You are also more vulnerable to STDs, as your vagina is irritated and susceptible to tearing.\n\n3. Are you not using a condom?  It could be semen, or it could be  that you are ovulating (thick gluey discharge is classic ovulation mucus).  If you're concerned, you need to see a doctor for this one, since internet diagnosis is notoriously unreliable.
Poor ol' Spinner.  Only he could get a career guidance report that says 1) Clown 2) Police Officer 3) Lumberjack.\n\nThat was too funny!
Those are awesome rules. May I add a few?\n\n5. If you think I'm going to give it up to you before I'm ready, move on!\n6. If you think I'm incapable of doing anything but serving you, move on!\n7. If you don't give me my space, I'll get it myself — permanently!\n8. If you think I won't notice if you flirt with other girls, think again!\n\nI don't know why some women go back to guys who don't do those things. Maybe they're just masochists.
Join the Jim Darwin Army.\n\nAll you have to do is sign up on my 360.
What you need to do is simple.  Make yourself the most attractive you can be and start to flirt with him.  And not just him.  Other guys too.  That way, when he sees you...he sees you having fun.  He will become enamored by the prospect of having you just to himself.
How long does the speech need to be? You should be able to write something up fairly easily if you have any business background. Customers are the cornerstone of virtually any business. Perhaps you should start with a quotation of some sort that summarizes customer appreciation and go from there. Google for quote sites and then type in "customer appreciation." Pick a quote that has meaning for you and then build something around it. Think about your audience...and gear the speech toward them. There is no one size fits all speech...the best ones come from your heart (but are edited with your mind).
http://www.photoshopsupport.com/tools/brushes.html\n\nHope you find something you like there
its Christmas....please use it in the proper term.  Xmas is not a word and is putting down the holiday.\n\nthank you.
Well, the shotgun gauge bore diameter are\n10 gauge  0.76" (19.7 mm) \n12 gauge 0.73" (18.5 mm) \n16 gauge  0.66" (16.8 mm) \n20 gauge  0.62" (15.6 mm) \n28 gauge 0.55" (14.0 mm) \n\nThe hull thicknesses very from manuafcturer to manufacturer, but are larger than the bore diameter. hope this helps.
One of my favorites is to ask them to wait a minute, put the phone down, and find something to do for 1/2 hour or so.
start a convo. and then flirt on how pretty and cute she is.\nthen when she leave or u leave say i love you...... it workss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 im not even playin
A TENS unit has done wonders for me. It can be worn for up to 10-12 hours a day. You can't use it for sleep though. I would highly recommend one.
Advertise.  But not on Y!A because it's against the rules.\n\nplrr
16
Yes \nwrite down loads of questions about "residential"\nsimple as that my friend
Why and to whom did the dr.'s office give the information?  Drs. are allowed to disclose certaiin information without your consent under HIPAA in various situations.  It sounds like the information was given to your employer.  If you had insurance through your employer, and they needed certain info in order to process a payment or obtain insurance benefits, the dr. may have been allowed to give out the info under HIPAA without your consent.  HIPAA does not prevent the disclosure of information, but limits it to the "minimum necessary" to accomplish the reason for disclosure.  Based on what you typed, you may not have a case against the dr's office.  Additionally, HIPAA does not allow a patient the right to file a suit against the dr, employer, or insurance company.  Only the federal government, through the Office of Civil Rights has the ability to bring a suit under HIPAA.  You can have them check out your case by filing a complaint with the OCR in Washington.
You already know that you can do it, isn't that why your on here now Mr. usasucks?  Its the right of all people in our great country. Unfortunately people like you take the right to lightly and use it to make them selves the center of focus by disgracing our country to draw attention to there own pathetic lives. Using the rights that where given to you just to mock a great nation overflowing with patriots sounds like a poor choice to me. I think it may be time for you and any of your followers to find a new home more fitting to these ideals you have formed. I have lost comrades and family to the cause of freedom. To disrespect the people that have passed on by abusing the beautiful gift you have been given is a disgrace and I hope someday you look back and have remorse for your choices of today.
A teacher maybe,don't know what part of the world your friend is from but where I come from a person with a history degree either teaches school or goes back to school or works construction not much of a job market.
As much as possible.
My family and friends.  I would anything in the world for them.
The gov't pissed a lot of people off in the past. You can blame them for that, but the actual event? NO. They knew something was coming but not exactly what.
Who cares he's a joke...,,,
mario and karina of course!...i voted 4 mario 376 times on the final by having 3 phone lines and 70+ emaill addresses in which i made in abc.com and yes..i got 5 votes per line that's y i got 376 votes 4 them!
van der sar
i do i love oprah but like its passes november 8
i looked though all the clips ign.com has to offer of smackdown vs raw 2007 and they said the clip was taken down because of a man beating on a woman, i guess even in a videogame its bad.
Jupiter--Ganymede is the largest satellite in the solar system.
A watt is a Joule/sec. So the engine output is 5 kJ/s. "Your answer differs from the correct answer by 10% to 100%." It would have been helpful to know what you put in to get this response.\n\na) "Expels" ... does that mean wasted energy or useful energy? I'll assume it's useful energy. So 4 times as much energy is wasted - 24000 J.\n\nb) 5 kJ/s * 1 cycle/6 kJ ==> 0.833 cycles/s or 1.2 s/cycle
This help article from Ask-Leo.com was just posted today:\n\nhttp://ask-leo.com/how_do_i_clear_my_search_history_in_firefox.html\n\nplrr
let's make 2 guesses...\n\nretunnelled?\nrefunnelled?\n\nhmm... difficult...
this is such a horrible way to feel...the best thing to do, is to really look at yourself...and do your best to dress nice, groom yourself,..and remember above all, that beauty comes from within...let yourself shine and you will rise above others...
It depends on what kind of ants.  Mostly they like energy foods - sugar and proteins.   Leafcutter ants for example chew up leaves into pulp and 'farm' fungi, which they eat.  Some (the honeypot breed) like foods like nectar.  Another breed 'milks' aphids hat secrete sugars after they eat.\n\nThey will eat insects and some army ants will eat just about anything that can't get away fast enough.  Plants, critters, the like.  They also sometimes eat their own eggs.
Thank You very much !!!!!  The truth will come out soon enough !!  The bodies of the people on the plane that hit the Pentagon are buried in the end zone of Giant stadium
planetout.com
Total mix where I am, mostly black, white then Hispanic.  The young guys in their 20s are usually heroin addicts around here, especially the ones who are white.  There's a number of old Polish men who are drunks.  A lot are disabled but many suffered some sort of injury because of their homelessness (losing hands from frostbite, limbs from infection, etc..)  The "crazies" are also racially mixed but most seem to be in their 40s or so.  Not a lot of women, Native Americans or Asians on the street.  The Asians are usually elderly Chinese women who collect recyclables for cash.  I don't actually think the Chinese women I see are homeless, just poor.
At time 0 (there is no negative time) the universe had zero volume. So your pocket would have had zero volume. So no.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slovenia
I thought it started already on Sci Fi.
Yes.\n\nThe rotation of the earth is the same for all cities in the world. As such, the sun will always rise in the East and set in the West.
Civil War Links\n\nBattles\n\nhttp://www.civilwarhome.com/cwinfo2.htm#Battles\n\nMilitary History Encyclopedia on the Web\n\nBattles Index\n\nhttp://www.historyofwar.org/battleframe.html\n\nBattles, Campaigns & Skirmishes\n\nhttp://www.42explore2.com/revolt2.htm\n\nhttp://www.hist.unt.edu/web_resources_mil/am_civil_war2.htm#battles\n\nCivil War Battle Summaries by Campaign\n\nhttp://www.cr.nps.gov/hps/abpp/battles/bycampgn.htm\n\nBattles by State\n\nA GREAT RESOURCE..!!!!!\n\nhttp://ehistory.osu.edu/uscw/features/battles/states/index.cfm\n\nLinks to Other Civil War Sites\n\nhttp://www.smplanet.com/civilwar/civilwar.html#Links\n\nFour score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.\n\nhttp://showcase.netins.net/web/creative/lincoln/speeches/gettysburg.htm\n\nhttp://www.loc.gov/exhibits/gadd/\n\nWEB SITES ON THE CIVIL WAR AND RECONSTRUCTION\nA comprehensive list of links for you to explore.\n\nhttp://www.cumbavac.org/Civil_War_and_Reconstruction.htm\n\nGood luck.\n\nKevin, Liverpool, England.
ohio state obcourse and troy smith
Open the CD draw of your CDROM, you will see an indentation made for the mini CDs, close the drawer, and it will play.
50 regular push ups will not be easy. Chest, Shoulder, and tricep strength will need to be built before you can start. Do modified push ups until you can get to 50. \n\nOnce you can do that you should start in the push up position and lower your self down to the ground, if you cant come back up do modified push ups from your knees  until your arms are fully extended-lift your knees up and lower yourself back down. Repeat that.\n\nDo not do push ups more than once a day at this point, you need to rest the muscles and repair a little.\n\ngood luck!
sounds like everyone else covered all the basics-  you'll probably work this one in best by seeing if he wants to go out drinkin or to see a movie or something
They are both very reactive (and generally with each other) because they are one electron away from achieving an octeted outer electron shell.\n\n1A is trying to lose an electron, and 7A is trying to gain one.
You would think I'd know since I am taking course all about the Holocaust...but I really don't.\n\nMy best guess would be pro-Nazi propaganda.  Ads painting a negative image of the Jews and communists.  But that's just a guess.\n\nLet me know what you find out.
There are two USCs. :)\n\nFor the University of Southern California:\nhttps://camel2.usc.edu/RequestForInformation/\n\nFor the University of South Carolina:\nhttps://web.csd.sc.edu/app/ugrad_cola/request/
None.  All networks carry it.\n\n"The Rose Parade will be broadcast on ABC, NBC, Univision, \nHGTV, Travel Channel, Discovery HD as well as KWHY \nand KTLA in the Los Angeles area. The Parade is also \nseen in more than 150 international territories. "
Written tests are designed to test basic problem solving skills, your knowledge of the english language and things of that nature. Think of them as a modified version of the SAT tests you took in school.\n\nPhysical tests are exactly that. You have a certain amount of time to complete the given task. This is usually a pass/fail type of test.\n\nPolygraph tests are to test your honesty. They ask you questions taken from the background information you give them. Seems kind of unusual to be administered the polygraph this early in the process. In most places in CA it usually follows this format:\nWritten--physical--oral-- background check --polygraph--medical--2nd oral.
I'd try a lot of different things and just see what works
I can think of two ways. Burn the podcast to cd then rip it as an mp3. Then use an audio editor to see the mp3 as a waveform and then find the relevant part and cut around it. Finally, extract the clip as an mp3 using the program you've used to edit it.\n\nAnother method is to record it direct from radio onto a pc as an mp3 then follow the same process.\n\nI've not heard their podcast but I loved their show from years back.
hang out with someone
En conquete, ils se sont faits étouffer par les blacks: des incompréhensions en touche, quant à la mêlée la première ligne des bleus a vraiment été à la peine (la j'ai pas d'explication, je suis vraiment pas un spécialiste du poste !)\n\nSinon, bien organisés et disciplinés en défense, un bon point. Pareil pour la conservation de balle, vraiment un beau boulot de la part du pack.\n\nPar contre en attaque, aïaïaïe ! totalement impuissants !\nA mon avis, ils sont trop justes physiquement. Du coup, impossible d'avancer à l'impact, de mettre la ligne de défense black sur le reculoir. A partir de là, on prend la marée à chaque lancement de jeu.\nGros pbe aussi au niveau de la charnière: les sorties de balle après les rucks sont trop lentes, les passes de yachvili approximatives, du coup la ligne de trois quarts attaque arrêtée. Et puis à mon sens Traille n'a rien à faire à l'ouverture, il envoie ses centres au casse pipe la moitié du temps. C'est un excellent joueur, mais il est pas à sa place !\n\nLa question pour moi c'est: vaut il mieux mettre en 10 un très  bon joueur dont ce n'est pas le poste en club, ou un type un peu moins doué mais qui sait jouer à cette position ? Je pense qu'il y a quand meme des ouvreurs tres performants en France autre que michalak ou dubois, ce n'est pas la peine de faire jouer un centre à ce poste.
Vacation Property Services
Hi Rick, I get up early every morning. I've been up since before 4. Central time. I have a bad back and it wakes me up between 3 and 4 everyday. So your not the only one on early. The bad thing is I'm usually in bed by 9. No matter what night it is. My sister has been up and on the net since 4 or so this morning. She couldn't sleep either. LOL. Well I hope your day goes well.
click on the tab that says "Music" ... then type in the name of the band ... and just click on their profile ... after the music player loads, click and listen to the songs , and after you've figured out which song you'd like to add to your page ... just click "Add' and it will ask you if you want to add this song .. and just click it again and it will be added to your profile.  You can also go to your Account Settings and set your music player to start playing songs automatically. i hope this helps!
stattracker is down, the feed from the nba is bugging out....Y! will get it fixed...\n-nny
I like the song" Do You Really Want To Hurt Me," the best
nope\nyou're definately not picky. I think everyone is looking for that perfect one that fits what they are looking for. But its true - you do need to be REALLY patient because my momma said 'you can't hurry love, ooo, you just have to wait, because love don't come easy, its a game of give and take'.
There is only one gas law you need to know, the Ideal Gas Law.\n\nPV = nRT\n\nAll of these others are special cases of this law.  It essentially relates pressure of a gas to the gases volume, amount of the gas, and temperature of the gas.
If you have been taking your birth control pills properly (every day at around the same time) you ARE protected from pregnancy during your "off" or "sugar" pills. This is also when your period should come. All this information should be included in the information packet you received with the pill pack. As long as you've been on the pills for more than a week (and it looks like you have) you are protected from pregnancy throughout the whole cycle. You are NOT protected from STIs/STDs though so if you and your partner haven't been tested you might consider using a condom.\n\nIf you are saying "3rd day off the pills" meaning you've decided to not take hormonal birth control any more and stopped before finishing the entire pack, I'm not sure how long you're protected from pregnancy. It doesn't look like you mean that though so you are fine, and should be protected.
Tony can finish no higher than 11th, although if he wins his 3rd straight I think Nascar is going to have to rethink the chase and how its run.
Pearl Jam - Oceans.  It is an amazing song with an intense underlying surf feel.  Eddie Vedder actually came up with the lyrics when he was surfing in San Diego.
Well, there isn't a law against any of those groups being pres.......none of them obviously have been qualified enough or they don't want to be president. What do you suppose we do??? Put one in power as President just because???
The q-tips are in a sterilizable packet. This packet can be put into an autoclave - an instrument used for sterilizing medical supplies and equipment. Most are steam sterilizers. When the packet has been "baked" in the autoclave, the line turns color at a certain temp to let you know the packet reached a temp that would effectivley sterilize the contents.
I make lists and review them at night.  Organization is the key.\nAlso  maybe limiting computer time is a good start.  Since I got mine I procrastinate doing everything.
Segue - to continue to, or into the next part - an immediate transition.
Yes, in general, we have\n\nA decline in morals results in a decline in society, and one of those morals is taking care of yourself.  A true decline in America, indeed
I agree.  I answered an honest health question in the "Men's Health" section and both the asker and I were reported (probably for using the word 'penis.'  What the hell else is going to be in "Men's Health?").
to get DNA
TRY  going to the place"s official website , then got to sports , than football , then local football , then
Ubuntu is pretty user-friendly, and it's Debian based so there is a vast base of software available for it. Fedora Core is the free development branch of Red Hat Linux, and my personal favorite. It also has large amounts of packaged software specifically targeted to it's users. Mandriva is one of the easiest and most foolproof installations, and is more targeted toward the not so techies out there. Debian, Gentoo, and Suse require a little more knowledge of the Gnu/Linux OS, but are very powerful distros once you get used to stuff like command line in a terminal and such. Whichever you choose to start with, just jump in there! It's all free or nearly free, and runs just fine on an old $50 or $75 P3 that you can get off of Craigslist (or find in the dumpster if you are lucky!). Download the ISO, burn the disc, and see how you like the distro. If you don't like one then install another. Ubuntu will even mail you the install CDs for free if you don't have a CD burner or a fast internet connection.
i would help but answeer my question first what the hells with hindi music lateley?????
Actually, any aquarium pump will work.  To make smaller bubbles, the air should pass through a diffusing element or stone.  This will have small pores and a relatively large surface are to release the air pressure slowly over a larger area.  This results in smaller bubbles. These are available for purchase at a store that sells the aquarium pumps.\n\nYou could also probably make one by plugging the end of the regular aquarium pump hose, and perforating it as much as you need with a needle.  Some testing is required, but you should be able to find the right hole (needle) size, and the number of holes to meet your need.
OOOOH! Now I get it. Gee. What about Hysterectomy and Hysterical?
Love comes in so many shapes. \nI love spring, because it announces the start of something new and I know that I love it, because it gives me this wonderful optimistic and happy feeling.\nI love my partner, because he shows me that I am worthy of being loved. \netc.\nThere are so many things and everyone loves individually, there is no set rule on how love feels to each one of us, but when it is there, you know that it is love.
You are too far removed from the story. Have your friend go to the press. Interview the father and put it on Youtube.com Get the story blogged.\n\nThose are my suggestions.
Any American Embassy or Consulate overseas FOR SURE!
There are a lot of events coming up. You mentioned wanting to purchase tickets as an Xmas present so here is one that is after christmas and is in New Jersey. This looks like a good card. \n\nhttp://www.cagefuryfighting.com/news.php\n\nOr if Conneticut isn't to far this will be an amazing night. The I-F-L is becoming huge now with former UFC Champ Carlos Newton team taking on Rezo Gracies team\n\nhttp://www.ifl.tv/\n\nHere is also a link to a page with a whole lot of up coming events\n\nhttp://www.mma.tv/
What you need: \n1. Belkin - Wireless-G Router with 4-Port Switch\n     a.set it so that the router does the pppoe connection(username and password.)\n     http://www.bestbuy.com/site/olspage.jsp?skuId=7012412&st=router&lp=12&type=product&cp=1&id=1099392876098\n2.get a usb wireless card, i like linksys for this, they cost more but they work. \nhttp://www.compusa.com/products/product_info.asp?pfp=SEARCH&Ntt=linksys+wireless+g+usb&N=0&Dx=mode+matchall&Nty=1&D=linksys+wireless+g+usb&Ntk=All&product_code=315672&Pn=USB_Network_Adapter_with_SpeedBooster\n(bad price, just showing you what they look like)\n\nsetup:\n1.hook the output of the dsl into the first port of router.\n2.setup the router , set a wpa key.\n3.plug the usb wireless into your computer.\n4.install\n5.connect to the belkin54g\ndone!\n\nnotes:\n violation of contract with isp.(will never know)\n\nuse a good firewall.\nZone alarm is nice.\n\ndon't do anything that can be called a crime on your friends line, he will get busted for it and then he will hate you.\n\nshare one folder of all your music and videos, double you collection\n\n\nthink about getting a slingbox too so you can share you cable tv!\n\ndude! level 0? did not know you could get that low.
America!!! We are the most caring, giving people in the world. We will give past "till it hurts"!
i) if you have capital start Mild steel fabrication business. it has great potential in India nowadays.\nii) if you dont have, start looking for jobs and applying for them. Mech. Engineers are in good demand in India now days. Contact some instituton and get your self updated on the current jobs and any curriculum. \niii) send your resume to multinational companies . they give appointment requets in newspapers.\n\nhappy searching.
if 1 is 2 the answer is 996.
It was a tough call, and it just went against Oswalt.  He had the best ERA, but he pitched fewer innings than Webb, had one fewer win, and had a slightly higher WHIP.  Oswalt may also have been overshadowed by his teammate Roger Clemens, who had better numbers albeit over fewer innings.\n\nYou could definitely make the argument for Oswalt, just as you could for Webb or Carpenter.  This was a tough voting year.\n\nEDIT - You're right about Adam Everett - He's by far the best defensive shortstop in baseball by any measure, but he never gets the credit.  Derek Jeter is not half as good, but he gets all the love for his defense.
my babes , meet this guy first.. Struggling to sleep at ny8 doesn't mean that u r in real luv. Meet him first n then take things from there. It's always gud to c the person behind the phone . Some pple donn act themselves over the phone . Meet him first and learn a lot abt him b4 u get married. wish u gud luck my friend.
The Neocons will attempt to steal the election with bogus new voting machines and registration purges.  There are already not enough of these machines in many areas.\n\nNo one knows whether the successful crime of stealing the vote is too close to call yet or not.  But people are working hard to record irregularities.  If you care, get out there and help with your videocamera and interview people in the streets.\n\nhttp://www.pollworkersfordemocracy.org/
when i look into the mirror, i see a girl growing into a woman. i love myself, but have doubts in my competence and always feel that there are people better then me, and i want to be them. Everyone is different, there is no equal, the world is brought up see the "ideals", "perfects" i am talking about those on television, magazines.. as much as to me, i feel that never judge the book by its cover. i always believe that inner beauty is the most important, however, it is not proven yet to me by the society. still being pretty, like the ideals is the ideal... but i am not and still willing to search for those who thinks the same as me.\n\nthank for asking..smiles
well im not 100% sure but my text book has some info...\n\nobserved pressure = nRT / (V-nb)  - a(n/V)^2\n\nthe nb is a volume correction\n\nand a(n/V)^2 is a pressure correction. the 'a' is correcting for the attractions between particles. (so A is true)\n\nI think B is false because van der waals forces involve gravitation pull between particles, not anything to do with charge. so particles only attract each other.\n\nmy book also says "a real gas consists of atoms or molecules that have finite volumes. therefor, the volume available to a given particle in a real gas is less then the volume of the container because the gas particles themselves take up some of the space. to account for the discrepency, van der waals represented the actual volumes as shown in the equation. n is the number of moles of gas and b is an empirical constant."\n(that's too wordy for me to comprehend, so C and D are your call)
There's no such thing.
I do agree that you need a new doctor. First, you need to determine the kind of pain you are having during intercourse. Your doctor should do a thorough pelvic exam on you so that he can determine where the pain is located. If you are having pain in the entire vaginal region (as your question may suggest), you may have vulvar muscle degeneration, chronic vulvar pain, or a vaginal infection. Since the pain is exterior as well, it may not be endometriosis and it may not have anything to do with your uterus or ovaries. You should get a complete pap smear, a pelvic ultrasound or CT scan or MRI of your pelvis. You definitely need to go to a doctor who will take you seriously and will treat you, regardless of your insurance situation.
if people didnt masticate they would end up with dysphagia.
ho tu es dur toi!
Nothing happens until something is sold. Marketing is the means by which things are sold. Some people confuse marketing and sales. Sales is part of marketing and the sale is the ultimate goal, but they are different. Marketing involves all the psychology and attributes needed to get a product or service to the market and into the consumers hands. It is probably the most important part of business. Marketing involves research, advertising and sales. Most of your top executives come from a marketing background.
They need to build an audience in a hurry to stay together as a band
Till the country was divided on the basis of caste, religion and creed but now it seems that some greedy people are dividing India on the basis of boundries and regions. Is it not enough for these kind of people that they are living in a country, trying hard to feed over its 1 billion public. \nsome time, the sound of some like minded faces become so strong that it looks that it repersents the whole community.I am sure that if done a survey in Telangana region, the demand of any\nnew state would not a issue with majority of the people.\nfirst of all they want employment and resources. they have nothing to do with o old state or new state. \nTheir repersentatives should negotiate with the union govenrmnent for some economic and social assistance rather than screaming the demand for seperate state.\nManmohan Singh was quite right when he did not adhere to the demands of its local politican Rao, who was alliance Party for making UPA, for conferring Telgana a  seperate state. but for how long, the UPA would not oblidge his demand. I have had apprehension in the mind that perhaps the congress could grant it a status to meet its both ends near the 2009 general elections. \nIn my view,this demand would achieve nothing. it would not only augument the administration budget of government but surely would divide the nation and foment the similar demand in other parts of the country.\nI just put a simple example- we always say unity is the strengh but what we are thinking or doing- Just smashing and crushing that unity amidst some self-inflicted motives.\nIf that area has had some problems then it could be sorted out with a suitable planning. A layout or a rehablitation plan could be chalk out for bring back its prosperity.
It all depends how fast you travel! Mars is 35 million miles away from Earth at its closest approach, so you would need a very fast method of transport to cover that distance in an acceptable period of time. Current technology puts the travel time at something like 6-12 months, but the time for the whole journey there and back would be about 2-3 years as you would have to wait on Mars for a year until the Earth was close enough. \nHopefully in the not-to-distant future, new forms of spaceship might cut this journey time down considerably to perhaps just a couple of months.
2 years in the USAF, 26 years in the CIA including as director
The name of the song is "Saints Remix (The way we live)" and it is by Baby Boy
I think Johnson is an automatic start, regardless of the Texans' opponent or who's playing QB for them.  He's the top receiver on a team that often falls behind and is forced to throw, and he's been very consistent this year.\n\nI agree with the first post in choosing Parker to start over Chambers.  Chambers has a chance to possibly put up a score when Miami inevitably falls behind and as forced to throw, but Paker should have the steadier day.
latin one!
are you saying you want to upload music from your PSP to limewire? or download music from limewire then upload it to your psp? im assuming its the second one my brother has a PSP just plug in your PSP to ur comp then go to My Computer then u shoud see your PSP some were in there click on it then when u have your music u downlloaded from limewire copy and paste it in to the music folder.... good luck
I have three places that are quite lè originalè:\n\n1. The library (isle K-L to be precise)\n2. In a parking-lot on the car's bonet\n3. Behind the counter of a movie-theater (the movie was on, and there was no-one :P)
I don't know about New York, but the have UFC fighting and some boxing matches at our Hooters.  I would call local bars and ask, if they say no ask them if they know of any places that do.
Find an indian costume at a costume store, and wear lots of beads and feathers. Also, wear a pair of mocassins
If you have good footwork, there is absolutely no need to play the sweep. \n\nLook closely, people who know exactly how to use their wrists to play the on drive, never use the sweep shot.\n\nMohd. Azharuddin rarely played the sweep. He had the "paddle sweep", which was directed behind the wicketkeeper. Never seen him play the orthodox sweep.\n\nSunny Gavaskar, the best player of the on-drive in the history of the game hardly played the sweep. Simply because, the sweep shot is for lesser mortals, who simply don't know to play down the leg side. And that includes Sachin Tendulkar. he does sweep, simply because his on-side play is simply isn't as good as the original little master.\n\nBut you are not Gavaskar or Azhar. So here's one link that should help you a lot:\nhttp://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/cricket/england/1703662.stm\n\nRemember the key: there are straight-bat, on-side strokes that can be substituted for the sweep, with equivalent placement, power and a thousand-time-less risk. \n\nNext time you see a sweep, just let yourself know that the person playing it - even if it Lara himself, has a limited amount of ability on the leg side.
Yes go to www.salliemae.com
He reportedly got it from his now wife starting in college.  A book out a couple of years ago detailed what went on.  It seems Laura worked her way through college as a dealer.  The word was if you needed a stash she would deliver the best in town.\n\nAs for him being drug tested.  Remember he probably couldn't pass a spelling test.  A drug test would be an immediate failure.  Just like his administration come to think of it.
I think it is "marketing plan".
Not this was it?\n\nhttp://www.donet.com/~scully/wanting.html\n\nGraham
I can detect B.S. from a mile away!
Not a real question or answer?
Is the file still there? Not just the shortcut.\n\nHave you run any registry cleaners or anti virus programs that may have done something with associated files or pointers within the registry, especially dll files?\n\nNot knowing the details, the easiest fix is to reload. If you do not have the progam anymore, you an get it on ebay for $9 or much less. It is over 10 years old, there are plenty of better programs.
Son fils s'appelle Santiago et sa fille Rafaella mais c'est tout ce que je peux te dire sur sa famille!
As the beginning of time approaches infinity, the probability of anyone actually knowing or ever knowing when time began approaches 0. We are infinitely close to 0, or never knowing when time began.
I can't objectively answer that, since I didn't see Leonard-Hearns\n2, but I did see Briggs-Foreman, and that was a miscarriage of\njustice. Lennox Lewis was probably robbed in his first bout with\nEvander Holyfield, or I think it was his first bout, the one which\nwas declared a draw, but by most standards Lewis won. I need\nto see the Leonard/Hearns 2 fight for me to comment.
no theres no problem with that i burned it to a cd and use it frequently
are you talking about the FL ISSUE. NOBODY EVER REALLY KNEW .
it doesn't matter what the baby looks like. as long as the baby is healthy
for living, since i don't know any dead people i'd rather be with, it would be alex pettyfer.\nfor second choice it would be henry cavill\n3rd is charlie hunnam\n4th is if possible all the cullens in the book twilight and new moon by stephenie meyer.\nsimon from silver kiss.\npretty much everyone of my fav. guys characters from a book.
Technically, you've served in the military.  So, your honestly answer should be "Yes".\n\nHowever, it may impede your chances of employment.\n\nIf you apply of government jobs and you answer "no" and they find out otherwise, you can not only face losing your job, but also face criminal fines and/or jail time.  This goes the same if you apply for some government contractor's job.\n\nSome states and with some bigger companies (like Best Buy) can seek charges if you falsified any information on your official application.\n\nServing in the military and receiving an OTH discharge because of being AWOL is just as bad as going to jail or had charges with a crime.\n\nIt doesn't matter whether you finished training or not.  You signed on the dotted line and said I swear/affirm.  The fact that your DD Form 214 or other documents state that you were discharged from military service, shows you had served.  Good thing for you, you didn't received a Dishonorable Discharge (this is worse), instead you got an Other Than Honorable.\n\nIt sucks but it would behoove you to be honest, because at least it will show them you have integrity.  Just be honest and upfront why you went AWOL and why the military was a mistake for you.
a. I agree with you. The answer to this has to do with political correctness. \nb. A lot of people are going to say "He made racist comments." Now, I ask these people this question: How many blacks, black actors, black comedians, etc. refer to other blacks by using the word "n!gga"? People say that calling a \nWhite person a cracker is nothing like calling a black person a n!gger, but last I checked we didn't take an ethnic slur and turn it into a synonym for "friend."  \nc. I want to know what the hecklers were saying to him that made him so..... angry. I read in one article that they were half-drunk, constantly talking loud, basically trying to take over the show with interruptions, etc. (And this fits those videos.) Heckling is considered making one or two witty comments, and if that article was correct, they were not heckling: They were just being rude. Also, were they calling him any ethnic slurs? All of those videos showed the Kramer exploding but did not show the other side. Also, was Kramer just out for shock value? He got it, and the noisy men got up and left..... \nd. The United States might seem bad, but it's the media and their brainwashed followers that are turning that incident into a huge issue. (This time, it is not necessarily the government, although our government sometimes handles issues dealing with race in unfair ways, too.) I feel bad for the various countries that have "hate speech laws." \ne. It's interesting that you bring up a civil war. In the prison systems and in the majority of high schools, there are what I guess you can call race wars. Currently, I've seen a lot of fights between blacks and Hispanics. I personally think that- especially during our current immigration crisis- protests similar to the ones that happened during the 60s and 70s have a chance of starting again. When King got shot, for example, a lot of the blacks started violently rioting here in Chicago. Many also started torching various buildings, etc. (My uncle was a firefighter when this was happening. Some rioters were even firing guns at him.) Will these start up again? Time will tell.
There is nothing to be guilty about. Its not to make you feel better but it is what I really think. You made a wise decision when you broke off a relationship that could have made your life a hell as long as you live. Sometimes, when we become committed to someone, we stick to them by force of habit. There was no reason that you needed to give him another chance after four years. He was already taking you for granted  and there was no reason that he could hit you or be abusive to you and perhaps it is more sort of his ego problem that is leading to his depression. Quit thinking about him and enjoy your life. You were lucky that you found a loving person who saved you from taking a wrong turn, while there are so many other girls who do not get this opportunity and sacrifice theri happiness just because they think that they were being virtuous. They bear ill-use for years and their children have to suffer too and then, finally they do have to divorce or run away but not always with a loving one to help them sort out things. You should instead be happy for yourself for God intervened and saved you from a life full of pain and from the shadow of an unpredictable person.
They really need to consult with his Doctor.  Spinal injuries can vary, only his Dr can really assess the situation.
Try this website....\n\nhttp://periodic.lanl.gov/default.htm\n\nLi = Lithium ( http://periodic.lanl.gov/elements/3.html )\nN = Nitrogen ( http://periodic.lanl.gov/elements/7.html )\n\nIt is a great tool with all the information you need....\n\nCheers
Waivers are the place where players go after someone drops them.  Depending upon how long the waiver time is set, they remain on waivers for at least that long.  If more than one person claims them while they are on waivers (before they become a free agent), then whoever has the best waiver priority number gets the player.
That is classic dehyration...you must drink water....make sure you have a drink a little while before you go to the gym and then afterwards and keep your salt intake regular as you sweat a lot out, so it will need replaced, just as it does in a hot climate....keep fit and well!
sony and compaq
Wow! I am wondering if we dated the same guy...? I had the same thing happen to me..this is so weird, because,  the events that you referred to in your question are exactly the same! However, my ex had schizophrenia. \n\nAnyhow, the outcome of our battle in small claims court..I won because the judge said that those were gifts. It was a complete waste of time for me.\n\nHe is doing this to you because he is sick and he needs to feel that he can over power you because some stupid voice in his pea brain is telling him this.\n\nSorry that you have to go through this because I know how you feel.
We're a very cynical nation waiting to pounce on anyone not being what we consider "politically correct." If Coca Cola would have put a "c" in the name, they'd be called to the carpet for the exact reason you're asking the question.
it's not a bad thing to do, it helps relieve the cramps and it can also help you keep from getting pregnant when you don't want to.
Darwins finches - geographic isolation & distribution as a mechanism for speciation.\n\nOld & new world monkeys-tailed vs. tailess\n\nAustralia! Effect of  Plate tectonics, geographic isolation , removal of natural predators.\n\nThe Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium for population genetics as an explanation for the development of new species (some simple math)\n\nEarly evolution theories/Biogenesis: Jean Baptise Lamarck's \ntheories (how the giraffe got a long neck,etc.). Theory disproved by Francisco Redi, August Weissman, Louis Pasteur, L. \nSpallanzani, others.\n\nDarwins theory- step by step ,with examples.\n\nSupport for the weak point in Darwin's theory (variation)- a modern approach.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0426738/
Thursday\n\nBecause today is Monday and the day before that is Sunday, which, in this riddle is not Sunday, but Thursday.
There is no site specific way of losing fat... the old myth about working your abs to burn belly fat isn't true. To get rid of love handles, you need to lose overall fat. That happens with exercise and watching your diet. More on that below. \n\nThe most effective way to lose fat is aerobic exercise in the "moderate" fat-burning range, ideally first thing in the morning before you eat. When you wake your body is ready to burn fat and your levels of growth hormone are highest at that time. Later in the day it can take up to 30 minutes just to put your body into a fat-burning mode. \n\nAnother overlooked way to burn fat is by lifting weights. Skeletal muscle has very high caloric needs... almost twice that of adipose (fat) tissue. Put on a little muscle and you will burn calories all day even at rest. Be aware that skeletal muscle weighs more, so with this approach you may see your weight increasing while your body fat is melting away. Not realizing this often stresses folks who think they should be losing weight as a measure of fitness. Forget the scale, look in the mirror and you will be happy.\n\nSix-packs are 20% abdominal exercise and 80% diet. There is one caveat... abdominal muscles will form in the position that you work them, so be certain to pull them tightly toward your spine while doing crunches, etc. Also, during most lifting, the "core is active" which means that you should be stabilizing with contracted abs then too. Fail to do this and the abs will form, but bulging outward and the result is not attractive.\n\nYou are welcome to look at my 360 Blog of September 10 for more detailed suggestions.\n\nAloha
I use a three ring binder.  makes it easier to rearrange pages as needed.  I have one that has a clear sleeve on the cover so that i can put my favorite witchy artwork on the front & back cover.  (susan seddon boulet has some nice calanders that make excellent cover fodder when the year is out)  As for fill. I always start each new B.O.S. with a "word to the wise"...usually something along the lines of the witches creed. Followed by a daily devotional ( a short ritual in which i use to honor my patron diety and my ancestors) I have a section for the Sabbats, & Esbats each ritual is recorded & dated with a little extra room for additional notes as time passes (was the spell work successful, what did that scrying session mean, how accurate was that tarot or rune reading etc, what would be better to do next time) I have a section for seasonal recipies, and a section for spells, and herbal concoctions. I have a series of tables in the back such as the planetary hours, herbal correspondences, different magical alphabets, ephemeral information( astrological charts) I also keep a seperate notebook for what i am currently studying... i suppose i could just add another divider to my binder, but the lessons i am working on now are very intensive & there is alot of paperwork.   There are several books of shadow available to purchase that you might want look into for additonal information\nIf you are just starting out you might want to include a glossery with a pronunciation guide.  The most important thing to remember is that your Book of Shadows is a catalouge of your journey along a magical path.  It is a record of your successes & failures,  it is just improtant to remember both so that you can learn form your mistakes.  It is akin to a journal or diary of your practice.  It is a private thing... remember the witches pyramid "To Know, To Will, To Dare, To Keep Silent"
what a cute pic
Seems our country cannot learn from its own history because of politics. Deep down we know better but until the citizens demand accountability it will continue. 1. Correct the U.S. sets its self up to fail by trying to be Rome and conquer the world. 2. Not just each citizen and house have the right to be individuals the world has the same right to individualism. 3. Capitalism and freedom must start from choice. 4. Mass media has taken the old adages the "U.S. is without blame" to the truth all have there own inconsistency.5. Today's "troops" need to support themselves the quote an "army of one" it is now a CHOICE to be apart of the military.
Yes - it's already happened between human and ape. The resulting super creature was called Pete Sampras.
Whoa! First Valentine's you haven't even gotten through thanksgiving yet..lol.. \nIts depends on how long you have been going before that? Do you know her well enought?\nThere's nothing wrong with the basic stuff :: like nice dinner,movie, flowers, candy.\nTo make it memorable it would be something like if YOU cook her dinner at your place if you can do it and not burn down the house..lol.. \nand then rents some sappy love movies,sad,happy ending or just a cute walt disney animal like 101 dalmatians etc.. since you have time before Valentinedo a little reseach on movies,food..As for the flowers. If you are going broke with everything else a single white, pink or red rose to hand her is always nice.And you can never go wrong with chocolate unless she allergies to them. Then don't give it to her..lol.. you can give her strawberries..mm..?? I wish you good luck. :-)
Super-heating is correct, but you'd also like to know why it's more likely to happen with a microwave vs. hot plate. In addition to having to be above the boiling point, in order for an actual bubble to form, there needs to be a small particle in the water, or imperfection (such as a scratch) on the surface of the cup for the bubble to form around. This is called "nucleation". If you heat water on a hot plate, the water gets hot enough to boil first on the bottom surface, where there are usually lots of microscopic imperfections, and the bubbles form right away. In a microwave, though, the waves ignore the cup and heat the water directly. If the water has been filtered, the temperature can climb significantly above the boiling point away from the surface, but not have any way to boil. Since the cup itself if not being heated, it acts as a heat sink, absorbing heat from the water near the surface. That means the water at the surface can actually be cooler (below the boiling point) than deeper within, where super-heating occurs. The slightest jostle or thermal convection, though, can transport superheated water along the surface, or excite any incipient nucleation points that do exist in the bulk water, causing bubbles to form. Since the water is so hot there, the bubble forms explosively.
(Oh I thought you meant "what questions should I ask" instead of "expect")\n\nMain thing is" what are their criteria in granting the scholarship (get a list or talk to previous winners), what qualities are they looking for?\n\nAlso, general background stuff, what your motivations are, your strengths and weaknesses, be familiar with your resume, be able to provide examples of situations you handled, achievements, problerm-solving, teamwork etc.\nTry to talk less and listen and learn more.\nMake sure you read about the company, its customers, its sector, its competitors, challenges etc.\nIf you can talk to an insider/customer/client/journalist or someone otherwise familiar with that to get that infirmation it's useful. It also shows you are smart and resourceful.\n\nThere are several great preparation books called things like "100 Toughest Questions" or "Top Interview Questions", read a few.\n\nBest of luck.
This sounds like a good question to discuss with an accountant.  A lot will depend on the specifics...
i agree
No.  I got a postcard a couple of weeks ago listing all the candidates in my state that AARP supports.  Why would they spend that kind of money then tell people not to vote?
You've got to be kidding me...  (sigh)  Ok look kiddo, here's the thing.  Being overly emotional will only cause you problems and stress.  Dating is normal, and trying to find someone you're compatable with is normal.  You broke up with the guy for a reason, let it go and move on!\n\nDragging this out will only cause you stress...
Yes, we wear our finest.  We put our lace table cloth and a Christmas center piece on the table.  Set the table with my fine china and crystal.  We read the story of the birth of Baby Jesus, have prayer and dive into our Christmas feast.  So fun.  We make memories never to be forgotten.
Na, Jesus probably spends too much time getting high.
I'm not telling you any secrets.  You just told your friends' secrets to fifty gazillion people.
Georgia has a total area of 154,077 square kilometers (59,411 square miles), ranking 24th in size among the 50 states.
One is if you speak directly into it.  The other is if you stick it unto a door, you might be ablt to hear people insed the room.
Lots of places, including many counties.  However, the free listings are at least ten days behind the power curve.  By that time, these folks have been besieged by literally hundreds of hard money lenders, bankruptcy attorneys, and a large fraction of every real estate agent within 100 miles.  When they've turned down 351 people already, why should they say "yes" to you on attempt number 352?\n\nBetter idea: Team up with a buyer's agent who buys them anyway, as part of their regular business.  And in most areas of the country right now, the best place to get a foreclosure is after the auction.
Oracle Financials, SAP and Terradata.  You can look at Data Warehousing/Mining and Data Base Administration.
Depends - a health care professional could be anyone from a surgeon to an orderly to the first responders.  What kind of health care professional does your friend mean?
The money is hers and hers to do with as she pleases.  The "man" needs to get off his lazy a** and get a job and support himself.  Why should she be supporting him??? Sounds like he thought he was getting a sugar mama.
Bloo, Mac, Madame Foster, Frankie, Mr Herriman, Eduardo, Wilt, Coco, Cheese (I like Cheese!), Louise, Goo, Ivan, Stevie, Goofball McGee.\n\nOffhand.
Currently:  Teacher 30, Student 15\nIn 15 years:  Teacher 45, Student 30
First I'd like to say, I wish more people like you would come here.\n\nBecause the US is obsessed with competiting with poverty stricken countries.  The less education and job training you have, the lower wage you're willing to take, the better chance you have of coming here.  My husband has a Bachelor's degree and had to take a 12 thousand dollar a year cut in pay to keep his job.\n\nThe value of our home went down several thousand dollars within one year.  Utilites, other necessities and taxes all went up.  45 years of hard work down the drain all in the name of competition.\n\nOur government is working hard to bring in uneducated poor people to work at sub level wages, the goal being to bring our wages to the level of China, India and Mexico.  Unfortunately, so far so good, we're looking more like Mexico everyday.  \n\nWe're headed for Socialism.  Our American dream is turning into a nightmare.
kobe because he is
try this site , you have to sign up , its free and invaluable sometimes if you potter about and delete things "accidentally"\n\nhttp://members.driverguide.com/driver/detail.php?driverid=714369
Absolutely.  I am especially turned on by sweaty stomachs rubbing together.  Just something about it for me.  YOW!
well first at all i am happy that the American just brought the repugs down from their cloud where everything is extreme and everything requires extreme measures . i believe that even when they ( the repugs ) might had been able to convince some that there is an invasion going on abusing of their ignorance and fears and also of the racism of some the majority of Americans do not want that kind of negative attitudes towards any group of people . i am pleased to know that America is about to change from intolerance to a more polite way of dealing wit every situation .\n\nthe migratory reform is not a simple issue but then again the dems do have a plan while the repugs could not even come together to deal with not only that but with more of one problem , the destruction of new Orleans for example and to  make sure osama was the first priority on the war on terror and so on  . \n\ni do agree with gocart in something Mexico has a huge problem at its hands which is the drug cartels but then again this problem was not created only by Mexico by itself , America must recognize that it is a huge part of the problem and that just by being able to stop the drug traffic and weapons traffic in its own lands a huge number of jobs which are being currently oppressed by pure and crude violence would be created in Mexico , leading to less people wanting to immigrate .\n\na reform can only be positive and can only bring stability between both Mexico and USA and i happily know that the NEW HOUSE and SENATE will be more comprehensible and less judgmental when it comes to people who are just like any other normal person but were not able to find an opportunity in it owns lands just like many immigrants before them , immigrants who are America today .
They can still collect on the debt no matter where you live.
Good question. I leave in the dark and come home in the dark and it's not nice. I always make sure I go outside at lunchtime and get some natural light. On days like today it's lovely to go out. \n\nI also eat lots of chocolate! That always helps. \n\nOther things that help keep me happy are to have days off to look forward to, my birthday, which is in winter, and then, after the winter equinox in December it starts to get light again! Its makes me happy every day to realise that we're getting a few extra minutes of light every day.
It might rain less, longer summers, not so bloody freezing in winter, oh and the small matter of maybe Wales flooding.\n\n\n\nSo this global warming is a BAD thing yeah?
Absolutely!
Easy. Just say "Hey do you like pizza, i do. I also really like ice-cream but more than that i happen to like you."\n\nNow you can only say that if you do like her more than ice-cream, you don't wanna break the ice-cream's heart.
Because they don't have any money..........but seriously, some people don't have the resources to get an education. In the US they should. There are grants, scholarships, etc.
Both things you mention are part of the reason more women work but I think there is another factor--greed and a desire for immediate gratification.  In an ideal world I think childre would be much better off if one parent were at home with them  \nBut it seems everyone "needs" a big house, several cars, a boat, snowmobiles and name brand everything.  All those "things" require that both parents work.  We seem to feel that having things will make us happy.  Guess what, it seems to have just made us greedy.  Just my thoughts....
Normally I'd help out, but I don't think giving you the answers to 20 problems along with a description of how to solve them in the future would be worth the time.\n\nThe point of homework is to learn the methods.  These all involve adding or subtracting fractions and decimals.  It's an important concept to learn.\n\nThe main thing is to get your fractions with a common denominator, then it should be straightforward from there.\n\nIn the future, you may want to ask for the answer and method for a couple problems you have tried, and have someone check your work... but 20 questions for 10 pts (max) is too much work for anyone.
Weight Watchers is much better because in the long run, you learn an entire new way of cooking to maintain your weight.  With Jenny Craig, you have to buy their expensive meals and learn nothing about nutrition.
As far as I know there is no such thing as "pharmaceutical grade" for any reagent.  Reagents exist in hundreds of specific and defined 'grades'.  The pharmaceutical industry uses a wide variety of different grades of reagents.  Isopropanol, for example, would probably be used as an 'ACS grade', 'HPLC grade' or 'USP grade'.  The grade required would depend on the specific use or purpose of the reagent.  Is it being used for cleaning?  to dissolve something in solution?  as a reagent in analytical analysis?  As far as I know, there is no general 'pharmaceutical grade.'\nReagent grades specifically define purity and impurity levels of a given reagent.  There are many many different grades!\n\nTry searching "reagent grades" on the Internet to get a better idea of all the different grades available.
They all became suicide bombers!
take two aspirins and call me in the morning!!!!
that's kind of a silly question. i guess you'll have to try it and find out.
I'm assuming you're not white, therefore you would be looked at in a very suss way by the authorities.
My advice is to quickly go to a doctor for this. This is something you don't want to just wait around to see if it goes away. With all the medical things that can go wrong in that spot, I would seek medical attention right away.
George Bush is there for the APEC summit. A meeting of Asia Pacific Economic Commnunities and their leaders.\n\nThe meeting is discussing a number of things including Global Warming and the Koyota Agreement and alternatives to green house gases and fossil fuels.\n\nFor more information see the Sydney Morning Herald, the Australian or any other Australian Newspaper.
Absolutely not  as a matter of Fact Harry Kisenger lead a private war in Brazil During the Cliton administration and also there was a private war that was lead against Turkey 10 or 20 years ago but they kept it on the down low because then liberal media does not want to hurt there dmt friends
Go with Evans.  Moss is dissappearing with Campbell at the helm.
Few deodorants have health hazards, be careful before applying them.  Best is Talcum powder
The band started in 1964, but they called themselves alternately The Tea Set and The Pink Floyd Sound.
Human history shows that knowledge won't be reversed unless there is a catastrophic disaster that forces survivor to toil to survive
well, maybe you're kind of true!\nmaybe it is because the majority of the law makers are christians, that's why they only prohibits whatever that will benefits them.  And that is all it!\n\nby the way, why should they eat the dog, anyway?there're lots of animals to be eaten, yet healthier and taste better for sure!
I already am with that person, she's my fiance & absolutely adore her, she always has me laughing & smiling, & i know that I have the same effect on her.
Ca(OH)2 would have the electron configuration of\n\n1s^2, 2s^2, 2p^6, 3s^2, 3p^6\n\nbecause calcium is in the +2 oxidation state from the hydroxyl ligands, the extra 4s^2 electrons are missing. Therefore it has a noble gas configuration of argon. Hope that helps!
1. im gonna say MLA - Summary: MLA (Modern Language Association) style is most commonly used to write papers and cite sources within the liberal arts and humanities. This resource, updated to reflect the MLA Handbook for Writers of Research Papers (6th ed.) and the MLA Style Manual and Guide to Scholarly Publishing (2nd ed.), offers examples for the general format of MLA research papers, in-text citations, endnotes/footnotes, and the Works Cited page.\n2. is false\ni think 3 is false too
101,000 one hundred and one thousand hows that for a clever clogs.
That's what you get for buying a China board.Get yourself an American made master piece,NeverSummer.Made in Denver Colorado.
Once he signed the LEGAL birth certificate, he became the legal father of that child. A birth cert. is a legal document. If he wants to pay for a paternity test, let him flip out the bucks, it's just going to be a waste. In the meantime, I would be back in the court asking for extra money considering your sons illness. God bless you!
Skiing for sure! Swimming is great, but it doesn't compare to the rush of skiing
Bubblicious blows better bubbles, i know because we did an experiment in school in 6th grade on it =]
I have been doing cheerleading for about eleven years and I only learned to tumble about three years ago! its ok if you cant tumble becasue thats something you can always learn. My biggest suggestion is to start doing push ups becasue the stronger your arms are the more you can hold your own weight and once i got my arms strong....I dould do it! good luck!
LASHLEY!
yes you should involve the police as you now have an independent witness. I would also talk again to the school and warn them that if this is not resolved you will contact the board of governors and the media. It may be the kick up the jacksy that they need. whoever heard of a 'no blame policy' that's just plain ridiculous
I think you should wait a few days and if he doesn't call than you should call and hear his excuse for not calling than deside what to do.
Potential energy is stored within a chemical bond.
Which body fluids can transmit the HIV virus, and which ones don't?\n\nBlood, pre-cum, semen, vaginal secretions, and breast milk all contain high concentrations of HIV, and all have been linked to transmission of the virus. \n\nSaliva, tears, sweat and urine can have the virus in them, but in such small concentrations that nobody has ever been infected through them. However, if any body fluid is visibly contaminated with blood, the risk of transmission exists. \n\n\n\n\nHow is HIV transmitted?\nHIV must get into your bloodstream in order to infect you. If it doesn't get into the bloodstream, you will not get the infection. Blood, pre-cum, semen, vaginal secretions or breast milk must have direct access to your bloodstream in order to infect you. Activities where this can happen include vaginal intercourse (both partners), anal intercourse (both partners), giving oral sex, sharing needles (IV drugs, tattooing, etc.) and, rarely, through receiving a blood transfusion. HIV can also be transmitted from mother to child. HIV is not transmitted through any form of casual contact. \nIn summary, in order for infection to occur, three things must happen: \n\nYou must be exposed to pre-cum, semen, vaginal secretions, blood or breast milk, AND \nThe virus must get directly into your bloodstream through some fresh cut, open sore, abrasion etc., AND \nTransmission must occur, directly from one person to the other, very quickly (the virus does not survive more than a few minutes outside the body).\nNo matter what the circumstances are, if you think about these three criteria for transmission, you'll be able to determine whether you're at risk for HIV or not. But do remember that other sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) can be transmitted more easily than HIV, so what might be low risk for HIV may be high risk for other STDs.
Dont use it as it allows to much rubbish to pass onto my system. Try another Browser. I personally use Opera as it doesnt use Active X controls which allows stuff to run on your PC. Although Yahoo says you have to purchase it. It is still free to download and use. See links below to find out the best one for you. Or you can still stay with your browser. Personally I have never had a problem with Opera thats why it gets my vote I hate having to sort out problems that effect my surfing.
I am no doctor, so I do not know.  If you are really concerned that it could be your heart, then go see a doctor. Age doesn't matter.\nMy opinion is that it sounds like anxiety.  I say that because you said you were arguing and shouting loud.\nGod Bless.
I say the U.N. finally did something to protect us!.\nI am glad that Saddam got the death penalty. While I am not usually for murder. I think of all the innocents, he put to death, for his own power. This is the path he chose, he had too know how it would end sooner or later. Thank God , it is only 30 days as it could be a long drawn process, of continuances , etc.....\nNow if Billy Boy had not let Osama go years ago, we might not even be in this war! The world trade center , may never have been hit! And tell Bill his legacy might be a lot better then what he left behind!
Divide 100 into 2 numbers, for instance 50 and 2. Write those down. 2 is a prime number, so cannot be divided further. Divide 50 into 2 numbers. Write down all the prime numbers you have. You should end up with 5 x 5 x 2 x 2 for your final answer. If you multiply these prime numbers together, you get 100! Do similar problems the same way.
Try these links below-\n\nhttp://www.seekasong.com \nhttp://www.mp3000.net\nhttp://www.kohit.net \n\nYou could also make REQUEST to DOWNLOAD UNLIMITED number of SONGS absolutely FREE by joining a community music forum. To check out the ‘hottest’ music forum out there right now, please click on the link below –\nhttp://www.music-buzz.com
use system restore to time when was working ok.
Try the link below
Core 2 Duo runs at slower clock speeds than Pentium-era chips, but is still more productive because it handles more calculations per clock cycle....Excellent for CAD drawings, Database hosting, Video encoding, etc. Much better than a single Pentium. \nWith that said, your question ask which is "faster" ...faster would refer to processing instructions quickly....which at first glance would appear the 2.66 pentium...but with a duo...the duo has it due to it's seperation of processors (can process simultaniously) (duo=2 processors in one chip) ...as for RAM...if your using the internet and MS Office apps...512 is enough! But if working with graphics, videos, databases or CAD you will certainly need to increase the RAM in the 512 PC. and set the paging file from 524-1024 this will use your physical RAM first and the other 512 on the hard drive as needed. \nI would go with the DUO and boost the RAM if needed....remember it's far cheaper to upgrade RAM.
You haven't actually specified a certificate here.  Get in touch with Customs to find out exactly what they want.  You'll also probably have to get in touch with officials, either government or financial, in the country from which you're trying to move funds.
D. gravity\n\nGravity is an erosional force, a very powerful one. Ever hear of "creep" or "frost heave"? No running water there. Avalanches - no running water there either.\n\n(I'll bet the answer is in your book!)
why you said its useless ? is your burning software restricted you from burning 2 or more vob files into DVD movie?\n\nAs long as I know, 2 or more Vob files still can be burn into one DVD movie.\n\nMaybe the converter split the result files (vob) so it can work more efficiently\nand\naccording to the DVD 'Book', DVD movie files are split at the 1 GB limit (1,000,000,000 bytes).\n\nmy suggestion, convert your xvid to Mpg first, and build the DVD menu with any DVD Menu Maker, lets your DVD menu maker convert it to VOB.\nmpg format is more 'friendly' to DVD menu maker or Movie Editor.\n\nanyway, try this site for your tools :\nhttp://www.doom9.org/
I think both of them should not put us fine americans through that torture again.  At least the past recounts were for valid reasons that was our president and due to hanging chads or some screw up by bushs brother to taint the victory.  These 2 will just plain lose for grown men they tend to cry a lot dont they
Yes I do. I feel very sorry for Marcus’s predicament, but in the same breath know that he will leave a huge hole in the England side. His partnership with Andrew Strauss has been crucial to England’s success over the years, as has his leadership around the team. I personally hope he is back on his feet soon because I know how much he loves the game of cricket, which is worse off without him on the ground.
You didn't mention your state and I believe it varies.  I'm going to assume since you said 'Freeway' and not 'highway' that you are closer to the west than the east, so the speed limit was probably 65, maybe even 70 as I know there are places in CA and NV that have a 70mph limit.  \n\nSo, you are 10 maybe 15 miles over the speed limit on a highway, you also didn't mention how the officer got your speed, again, I'm going to assume it was vascar or something similar.  They are pretty accurate and I wouldn't use that as the crux of my case if I were you.   \n\nThe thing in your favor is that the cop has to show up for his side to be heard so if the cop is busy, is on call, is sick or forgets, you walk.   Again you didn't mention your state but my money is on a fine and no points.  Show up on time, be respectful of the process, stay calm and answer the questions, treat this like a business matter, it will make you look more responsible, not like some 17 year old kid who drives too fast. \n\nGood luck.
Read here --> http://www.healthyplace.com/Communities/gender/intersexuals/about_me.htm\n\nhttp://www.isna.org/faq/history
If you paid it, its probably too late.  You should have scheduled your traffic school instead of paying your fine.  The only thing you can do now is call the place you paid your fine and ask if it is too late.
Pete coached for several NFL teams. He was Defensive Backs coach for Buffalo in 1984 then for Minnesota for 5 years. Defensive coordinator for the New York Jets for 4 years. He was then head coach there for one bad year. He was also D. coordinator for the 49ers then Patriots where he ended up head coach again.
If You haven't already done so, try downloading it from the official realplayer site.
Yes, but it was back in the late 60's and early 70's...all over L.A., Santa Monica, Venice and the South Bay...I would NEVER, NEVER, EVER do it now!  It's a different world out there!
When you live in a country you are not serving the government. The government is not your master. Infact the government is your servant providing you facilities and servicses.\nSo it is better to have two servants then one if you can afford.
INTERNAL OR EXTERNAL DOESN'T MATTER IN CASE OF PIXELVIEW .IF YOU REALLY MEAN WHAT YOU SAY THEN JUST CLOSE YOUR EYES AND GO FOR IT WITH A WARRANTY FOR 2 YEARS.PIXELVIEW IS THE ONLY COMPANY FROM NVIDIA WHERE PERFORMANCE MEETS QUALITY.     "ROBIN"
There's the super-fast version.....it sound like mice r singing.....look up "Miss Murder" on youtube.com\n\nHave a nice day!
Why did you received a bad mark for this question? I'm sure it's a black person that didn't like the fact that you are white. Racism is a big problem here.
Tell her i love her  queenly waving of her hand.I have started waving at friends that way.
Is there a question in here couse i dont see one
include the author. \n\n\n.......Check with the teacher and see if the school sells any
You describe the Eternal Starfish who resides in the Cosmic ocean of time and is the creator of all things in the deep blue sea.  The Big Fish is spiritually complete and self reliant and does not require worship from the little fish.
who should i play at the following postitions:\n\nrb - larry johnson or ladanian tomlinson (yes, i have both)\n\nwr - reggie wayne or tj houshmanzadeh along with chad johnson ( i can start 2 wr, im starting 85, but who should i go to for the 2nd)\n\nqb - jake dellhomme or jake plummer
Essentially, this view is based on the fact that the two States have their nominating processes (the Iowa caucuses and New Hampshire primary) at the very beginning. Candidates want to make a good showing here in order to demonstrate that they are viable within their own party. However, I feel it's overstating the case to say they "choose.....with limited input"  Recent campaigns have not borne that idea out. Voters in New Hampshire and Iowa do not, as a rule, represent opinions and concerns of the rest of the country.\n\nViewed as a horse race, which is how the media cover campaigns and elections, these two States do have an inordinate amount of attention paid to them, again only because they come first in the cycle-------they're the only show in town in the early stages. Most years, they're quickly forgotten once the next round of primaries come along.\n\nThinking back, the last time I remember these States  having real impact was in 1968, when Eugene McCarthy got 42% of the N.H. vote in the Democratic Primary to LBJ's 58%, but that was enough of a shocker to cause LBJ to take his hat out of the ring.\n\nThe reality is,not the early state contests but the wheeling and dealing that bring the foregone results at the National Conventions. You have to go back 46 years, to 1960, to see a Convention where the outcome was in any doubt.
the message of Jesus still rings loud and clear today in every True christian church.  Jesus left a guide which is the HOLY SPIRIT so that we would know and remember his teachings.
So many and answers- I have systemic lupus along w/other health problems and take a b complex daily.  It's a liquid taken sublingually because B12 isn't absorbed well thru the stomach.\nSublingual B Total™\nLiquid B Vitamin Supplement is the one I use and recommended by my doctor.\n\nVitamin B12 - helps maintain healthy nerve cells and red blood cells.  Works in close partnership with folic acid in synthesis of the building blocks for DNA and RNA. Essential for the integrity of the maintenance of the nervous system and for the production of energy producing molecules. Non toxic at 1,000 mcg daily for many years.\n\nFolic Acid (folate) - a non-toxic nutrient that protects our chromosomes from DNA damage. Also helps with depression.  No noticeable side effects.\n\nVitamin B2 (riboflavin) - required for cell growth and release of energy, formation of red blood cell, and synthesis of antibodies.\n\n\nVitamin B3 (niacin) - stabilizes cell membranes, insures proper circulation and maintains healthy skin. Aids in the function of the nervous system and helps to reduce cholesterol.\n\nVitamin B5 (panthothenic acid) - a non toxic nutrient needed to breakdown fat to covert into energy. An anti-stress vitamin.                        \n\nVitamin B6 - needed for the synthesis of neurotransmitters such as serotonin and dopamine. These neurotransmitters are required for normal nerve cell communication.
This is a significant win. I remember watching Fres Oquendo box Chris Byrd, the judges gave the win to Byrd but it was clear to me that Oquendo was the victor so I think he is a better fighter than people give him credit for. I wish Hollyfield the best. I'd like to see him retire before he gets permanent damage but anytime he is in the ring I'm rooting for him!!! He is still the Real Deal.
you have probably gained some muscle. dont worry to much just change some of yr eating habits again and some of yr exercises to get you going. read tips on weight loss and exercise programs to get you started again on this site
early as possible
I truly think that instead of their's you should use one's.  For example:  One's (his or hers) best approach to solving this problem is to use one's.  Make sense?
These two problems are examples of simultaneous linear equations in two unknowns.\n\nsolution for prob. 1:\nx + y = -8 ---> eq.1\n-3x + 2y = 9 ---> eq. 2\n\nsolve for x in eq.1 \nx = -8 - y ---> eq. 3 \n\nsubstiture eq. 3 in eq. 2\n-3(-8 - y) + 2y = 9\n24 + 3y + 2y = 9\n24 + 5y = 9\nsolve for y\n5y = 9 - 24\n5y = -15\nthen y = -3 substitute this back in eq. 3 to solve for x: x = -8 - (-3)\n         x = -8 + 3\n         x = - 5\ntherefore the missing values for x and y are -5 and -3 respectively\n\nsolution for problem # 2:\ny = x + 5 eq. 1\nx + y = 9 eq. 2\nsubtitute eq. 1 in eq. 2\nx + (x+5) = 9\n2x + 5 = 9\n2x = 9 -5\n2x = 4\nx = 2 substitute this back in eq. 1\ny = 2 + 5\ny = 7\nthe values for x and y are 2 and 7 respectively\n\nhope this helps :-)
They're probably not going to draft again simply because the question is....what about women? If they didn't draft women it would be insulting. But they couldn't just choose women at random because of the whole mother thing. It's a sticky situation.
Sounds like he made the most of his early success as an Elvis sound-alike & continued as on as a marginal performer until his death in 1984 at 41 of lung cancer.\n\nhttp://www.answers.com/topic/ral-donner
Mutually exclusive means two things CAN'T happen at the same time.  It's very possible to wear both a coat and a sweater at the same time, so these are NOT mutually exclusive.
Jesus was the Son of God. He said himself that "the Father is greater than I" (John 14:28). And God himself spoke from heaven, announcing: "This is my Beloved Son: hear him" (Luke 9:35)\nThat Jesus was real can be seen when you consider the tremendous number of followers who were willing to die because of their belief in him and his teachings. These ones I am talking about would have been alive at the same time as Jesus, or shortly after. So they would have been able to talk with those who walked with Jesus, and saw his miracles. (The Bible says that over 500 people saw Jesus alive after he was killed.)
y - 3x = 2\n\ny - 3x + 3x = 2 + 3x\n\ny + 0 = 2 + 3x\n\ny = 2 + 3x\n\ny = 3x + 2\n\nslope = 3\nx-intercept = ( -2/3 , 0 ) \ny-intercept = (     0 , 2 )
take the derivative, set it to zero, and solve for all solutions of x.
Maybe a Yahoo group may be helpful, lots of people with the condition. I just looked and found this one. Hope it helps. \n\nhttp://health.groups.yahoo.com/group/ParkinsonsDisease/
Tell her nicely that you're glad she had a good time but that sometimes you wish she wouldn't talk about it so much. Tell her that you don't mind hearing her talk about the trip but it's getting kind of annoying now.\nIf she's a good friend she'll do her best to understand how you feel.
easy! at the top of the screen you should see a little "View" button. click on it and a menu should pop up containing text size. : )
Below is a link to a picture of a balcony, similiar to the one described in Romeo and Juliet.\nhttp://goeurope.about.com/od/italiancities/l/bl_verona_1.htm\nBelow is a link to a picture of a midevil dagger\nhttp://www1.istockphoto.com/file_thumbview_approve/1273874/2/istockphoto_1273874_medieval_dagger_engraved_blade.jpg\nBelow is a picture of a bottle of poison that looks like what Juliet may have used to poison herself so she looked dead.\nhttp://images.channeladvisor.com/Sell/SSProfiles/30056705/Images/ssperfumeflow.jpg
Yes. Here's a list of the rural tribal clinics in California\nhttp://www.crihb.org/clinics.htm\nand here's a list of urban (city) clinics around the country, including California:\nhttp://tinyurl.com/ymfm57\nscroll down to the bottom:  California is in Region 6. Hope this helps!
Good question and my answer is YES I do.  I want an answer with real knowledge not one that has been cut and pasted off the internet just so the person answering can gain 2 points.  Knowledge is power, anyone can cut-n-paste but when I ask a question I am seeking an experienced answer.\n\nI am so glad you asked this because I have often wondered how people feel about those who answer with a cut-n-paste off the web.
Good question weng! Its very hard, but let it go over your head. The fact that he is your boss makes it difficult. Try to feel sorry for him that he is so insecure that he has to be arrogant. We cant like everyone all of the time. Dont make it a problem for yourself, its his problem let him get on with it. Just do your job and be polite, dont a*s e lick, just be yourself.... Your boss will probably appreciate that more.  Get to know what makes him tick and concentrate on that. If he does or says anything you dont like just be assertive without being rude. Its not what you say but how you say it that matters!  I hope that you are happy in your job. If your boss affects your happiness in your work, then it may be best that you look for another job.  I hope it does not come to that stage. Try not to let his arrogance get to you, alot of people are like this.
The neuron's soma must be intact and at least some of the neurilemma remains.\n\nOnly nerves in the PNS can be regenerated.
Why would an american man be ordered to wear a T-shirt saying that you were a registered sex offender ??? \n\nLOL only kidding, read your question again.... \n\nIn reality...castrate the fu*kers....... and yes..whatever it takes to alert people to what filth they have in their midst..\n\nGraham
y=-9-1/2(x+1)\n  = -9 - 1/2 x -1/2\n  = -1/2 x - 9 1/2\n\ncomparing with y = mx+c then m = -1/2 = slope
The polymer formula is (C8H8C4H6C3H3N)n.\nThe percent of hydrogen in the polymer is 8%.
Make them an offer they can't refuse.
It will, you don't need to worry about .
Painting / sketches, burlesque shows, erotic fiction, etc.  A lot of what we read about that we don't pay attention to (risque poetry, etc.) would have been considered very dirty when it was written. \n\nI'd dare say, though, that people used their imaginations a lot more than we do today.  They certainly weren't any less horny, even if they were more restrained in some cultures (not all, though -- ancient Romans, for example, were pretty perverted.)
Please ask the question again, I can't understand.\n\nTo change 1 cc of water 1 deg.C requires 1 (small) calorie = 4.2 Joules
You should contact a lawyer.  $600 is totally unreasonable.  I would say that $2500 is the absolute minimum that you should consider.  You have bills for towing, buying a new car, lost work, and medical expenses.  Contacting a lawyer will show that you mean business and maybe will get you a better deal.  If not, I would definitely consider legal action to recover at least your expenses (not including any pain and suffering) incurred as a result of this accident.
I dont know the answer but Atleast I have seen your question so give me best answer 10 points I am respecting you sir and also I have given you athumbs up.
I agree that cell phones have no place in the classroom.  However, when the school decided to put a system in place to hold cell phones for students, they took that responsibility from the student.  If the school had an absolute policy to not allow cell phones then they would have no responsibility to replace or even care that your brother had his stolen.  Since they did implement a system to "hold" them for students, then they are accountable for the phone while it was in their possession.
Avast and zonealarm
Take him to court for child support and yes you are going to be involed in this man and his wife for 18  years and make the best out of it.  Make sure you get sole custody, since he did make sure that you were just the score to get sex and no relationship, he can alos try to get your child.  Men are out to get one thing and that is sex,and he does not care about the factors of your feelings or respect.  If women just say no, and stop making it so easy for men to robbed us from our bodies and etc.  We wil get more respect then we got.  Unfortunately to many women are not using thier brains, and keeping the legs close and just say and mean NO!  You were used, just like so many other women.  Don't make it easy for a man to use you just for sex!
eating bananas do not make you fat. eating excess of anything which increases your total amount of calories consumed can make you gain weight. eating bananas can make you feel really full or like you have gained weight since they are a bulky food. but as the banana passes threw the digestive system the feeling will pass.
Completely safe as long as you get it from the manufacturer. Dont get it from a website that you dont know.\n\nNo such thing as too much hardware. If you can physically attach something, it is supported. The ONLY exception is if your power supply can handle the load. If you have a fairly new computer, you are fine. A camera USB interface is NOTHING!
i have  i am sad to say . i have been on a number of meds over the years for the most part prior to now i don't think anyone them were doing much to help with the depression . \n i am sure some of them made things much worse. once a doctor started giving me anti psychotic meds and that messed me up bad i was unable to sit and was in the end after 3 days of going out my mind and putting my car in the ditch admitted to the hosp with the help or my gf and mom.  the meds i had been given had made so so mixed up i failed the test i was given that is very basic IE what day is it and so on . \n that was one doctor  i am pleased to say that the doc was already under the microscope himself as they had in the hosp the director of a mental health hosp there to over see there pyschatric. dept and i was told by this head doctor it was all because of the doctor that put me on the terrible wrong meds \n anyway after that i went through a number of what are called ssri  meds selective serotonin re uptake inhibitors this is the newer class of meds used to treat depression . one is not the same as the next .i am sure you have heard of prozac well that is one ssri but it did not work for me nor did quite a few others\n over the years what was of help to me was anti anxiety medication benzodiazapam type they helped for me but they are \n addicting for many so you have to be sure just to take them really as the doc says or take less then your told. never more at least not much more without telling him.\n right now i am on a drug called welbutrin you might now it as ziban the drug used to help people quit smoking. that med on its own was somewhat helpfull but not much then at my suggestion i started a new med along with it called effexor . that with some use of the mild sedative i have has managed to help me more then any other med . now keep in mind this is just me and each person is different you might be really lucky and get on the right med for you first thing \n as far as the meds go remember this and its important you have the right the legal right not to take the med if you think its not in your best interest . i say that as the time i mentioned with the stupid doc was one of the worst times in my life pacing and so on a real trip one that was as a result not of depression but because of the meds and i knew they were the wrong ones for me but i was not aware enough to stop them soon enough \n another thing is that when you get on a med and it is helping you  come out of the depression this is when people hear about the meds on the news as the person has killed himself . sounds awfull and it is . the reason for this is odd to some but its really simple if you know depression from having it . a person can become so low that they just dont have the energy or will power to get up and do anything that is as difficult as killing yourself\n but when the med starts to work some of the people very few gain the energy back and there still along way from being not depressed so they now are depressed but with some increase in energy and concentration so this is when they are able to follow through with the idea of suicide. \n the med did not cause the sucides it was working just like it should have what if any thing caused the failure in the system was a lack or commmunication with the doctor and the patient and or the person just not knowing that its ok to just go to emergency room and tell them how you feel flat out. \n sure if your a threat to yourself saying you want to kill yourself you do get locked up . but that is only for a few days meaning 3 often and then a review takes place and you might get sent home or asked to stay in both cases if you volonteer to be admitted to the hosp or stay in the hosp longer it goes to show that your not unaware or unwilling to deal with the problem\n i was never locked up for more then 10 days nor did i see anyone in the ward that was there for depression that was locked up longer then 10 days . \n that is no
I asked God for strength that I might achieve. I was made weak that I might learn humbly to obey. I asked for health that I might do greater things. I was given infirmity that I might do better things. I asked for riches that I might be happy. I was given poverty that I might be wise. I asked for power that I might have the praise of men. I was given weakness that I might feel the need of God. I asked for all things that I might enjoy life. I was given life that I might enjoy all things. I got nothing that I asked for, but everything I hoped for. Almost despite myself, my unspoken prayers were answered. I am, among all men, most richly BLESSED.
Township, Village, City, Town.  These are all different forms of local government in Illinois.
WHEN PHOSPHORUS COMES IN CONTACT WITH OXYGEN AT 35 C . IT STARTS FORMING PHOSPHORUS PENTAOXIDE ON ITS SURFACE . WHEN THE PENTAOXIDE COMPLETELY COVERS THE SURFACE THE FORWARD REACTION IS STOPPED HENCE NO REACTIONS TAKES PLACE FURTHER .                  "ROBIN"
You have raised the quetions on Albinism previously. Hence it is presumed that this question also relates to Albinism.\nPlease see the webpages for more details on Albinism.\nSymptoms:-\nFor those with albinism, one of the following will be present:\nAbsence of pigment from the hair, skin, or iris of eyes \nPatchy absence of pigment (skin color, patchy) \nLighter than normal skin and hair \nMany forms of albinism have some of the following possible symptoms:\nRapid eye movements (nystagmus) \nStrabismus (eyes not tracking properly) \nPhotophobia (avoidance of light because of discomfort) \nDecreased visual acuity or even functional blindness \nTreatment   \nTreatment aims to ease symptoms and depends on the extent of the disorder.\nThe skin and eyes must be protected from the sun. Sunglasses (UV protected) may relieve photophobia. Sunburn risk can be reduced by avoiding the sun, by using sunscreens and covering completely with clothing when exposed to sun. Sunscreens should have a high SPF (sun protection factor).
For cartoons, Flash is the pre-eminent application.  You can also write programs with Flash utilizing the ActionScript framework.  However, these are online programs.  Adobe will be releasing the Apollo runtime engine in January to developers and publicly in mid-2007.  This runtime will allow for deployment of Rich Internet Applications to the desktop for both offline and online utility.  Flex is an enterprise grade version of Flash.\nhttp://www.adobe.com/go/apollo\nhttp://www.adobe.com/flex\n\nAs far as programs, the tool/language really depends on what you are attempting to accomplish and on what systems it will be deployed.  Visual Basic is probably the largest development platform for Windows.  Java is cross-platform.  C++ is common application language but is very complex.\n\nGood luck.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODDDD...Get over it already
HELL NO!
i think you have got the best thing one can ever get! why do u want to lose it? u can be strong and in love at the same time. so u wont get hurt if she does something bad to you. i hope she doesnt but this sounds a very nice and happy friendship! keep it boy!
BOTH, PLEASE !!!\nI'LL TAKE THEM TO-GO !!!\nTHANK YOU !!!
Paramus is a shady town....\n\n10mph over could be a big deal if the speed limit is high(55-65) or if it was a school zone or a construction zone.\n\nFines are usually doubled in this area.\n\nAlso, Paramus cops tend to lay it on Asians for some reason.  So if you friend is Asian, that could be a factor.
I think S4C are showing highlights after the Wales-Pacific islands game.\n(Channel135 Satellite)\nJust checked ,yes game is shown live at 19.50 hours.
One mole of an ideal gas occupies a volume of 22.4 liters  at STP.  We can safely assume that HCl gas under STP conditions behaves pretty much like an idea gas, so 1.1 liter of HCl gas contains 1.1/22.4 moles of HCl.\n\nEach mole of HCl that reacts with NaOH produces one mole of NaCl.  Because we are told that the NaOH is in excess, the amount of NaCl formed will be equal to the amount of HCl gas.  In other words, 1.1/22.4 moles of NaCl will be formed.\n\nThe molecular mass of NaCl is 58.44 grams/mole, so the mass of NaCl formed will be:\n\n58.44 gm/mol * 1.1/22.4 mol = 2.87 grams.
guilty--life
No Good and Reasonable Answer.\n\nSex whether the act or just the sexual fantasy elevates the blood pressure, heart rate due to the catecholamine discharge, causing vasodilation in some parts like the brain, and the lower head, and constriction in some other parts like the stomach and the heart and lungs.  In fact there is such a thing as ruptured aneurysm , stroke , subarachnoid hemorrhage and heart attack during sex.\n\nMay be do it infrequently but add more the emotional support like whispering sweet nothings before , during and after and long after the event.  As one gets older, emotional comofrt becomes more significant than the sexual act itself.
Brain lady said it 'He's spinning you a yarn'\nAnyone can see the hole thing is fabricated!\nDon't beat around the (mulberry) bush!\nTell him!  'come out of your cocoon' and 'open your pupal's'.\n'Life's not a bed of roses! and there's no worming your way out!!'\nThat should show him the very fibre of what makes a man a man.\nor insect, doesn't matter.We all start of life the same, Small, Vulnerable, Naive, But.. we change!
Tell my husband that I love him and that we will meet again.  Look forward to going to the Otherworld to feast with my deities.  Rest peacefully.
Generally, yes. It all depends on how one uses it as with other things. There are privacy settings you can set up that prevents ppl that don't know your first and last name and email address to request to add you or view your page. If someone does a search for you and uses your full name, they won't be able to view your page anyway if it's set to "PRIVATE".  And you also CHOOSE who you want as your friends. So if someone requests you, you can deny them.\n\nAlso, there is a certain age limit to be on Myspace. (i think it's 13) Pages of younger Myspacers are automatically private.
America is full of naive and illiterate racists. king bush is the worst
Sure you can, you can earn the most if the ads are yours. Get a good opportunity that is not a scam and advertise for yourself.
It absolutly detroys everything in its path, including the only place we call home, mother earth.  Now why would you want to destroy the only place we will ever have to live?  Lets ask Bush.
I hesitate to answer you, because last time you added a detail that conveyed to me that you only want answers that agree with you. It seems to me that you are just baiting. \n\nBut, I'll give it a shot anyway...\n\nPerhaps he walked on water just like Criss Angel did.\n\nhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBQLq2VmZcA\n\nThere's no evidence outside the Bible saying so that he did walk on water or that he healed anyone, though...\n\nThe Christian theological answer to how he did miracles was through the power of the Holy Spirit, which explains where it came from, but not how it worked.\n\nEdit...\n\nHis name is Christopher. My name is Christy. Does that mean I am evil, too, then? C'mon, hon, let's try to be open to the ideas of others at least and not just label them as evil. Other religions think that YOU are evil for believing what you do.\n\nA pentagram is a Pagan symbol, not a symbol of evil or Satan, no matter what your religion would have you think. Pagans do not worship or even believe in Satan.\n\nAnd no, I'm not saying he was an illusionist. Just showing you how it can be done as illusion and is not necessarily a supernatural event. \n\nThe rest of your response has nothing to do with this question. I know you haven't been here long, though, so I'll respond at length this time...  \n\nReligion does indeed slow progress. Can you give me one good reason why In vitro fertilization (where embryos are made and then destroyed) is Ok and accepted by this country where there are a lot of Christians, and yet stem cell research on those embryos (and we're talking VERY early stage embryos) is not accepted? \n\nChristianity does not make countries more advanced, more humane, etc... Countries that are predominantly Christian include - \n\nSouth Africa (apartheid), All of South and Central America, all of the Carribbean (with the exception of Cuba, which just barely falls short of being mostly Christian) and most of the Sub-Saharan African countries. That's over three dozen countries, in just those two regions of the world. There's also Eastern Europe to be considered, as well as countries that do not have Christianity (like Japan) and yet manage to be civilized and successful.\n\nSo, what's the real differences between a country that is developed, humane, and civilized and one that continues to be poor, unadvanced, or inhumane? \n\nGovernment and economy. The countries of the world that are richer, more advanced, and so on are so because they have governments and economical structures that have proven to be successful - democracies, capitalism, representative republics (like the US), and so on...  \n\nIncidentally, one thing that many of the more successful countries also have in common is that they have separation of church and state.
IIRC, the maximum is 65 watts for on-road use, however the actual output will be measured in Lumens or Candela, as the wattage only corresponds to an incandescant buld, irrespective if it is tungsten or halogen (Halogen is brighter per watt than standard tungsten)\n\nSo with the new Xenon, HID (High Intensity Discharge) lights, a 10 watt HID is about equivelant to a 60 watt bulb.\n\nYou might want to have a friendly chat with your local Police Vehicle unit, or your local courthouse traffic dept.\n\nHaving said that, I doubt police would pull you over unless you had what I had fitted to a 1951 Classic car in UK, - 8"  200 watt Sealed Beam (12volt) (Emergency airfield landing lights) but I did have a 100 AH battery installed <grin> -  "Oh baby!! the fields lit up like daylight "
An ideal situation would be to have have seperate corporation formed (NewCo) where the 3 original companies have exactly 1/3 ownership.  The 3 companies then sign leases with NewCo for the square footage they need and pay based on the lease.  From a tax standpoint, NewCo would be losing money because of depreciation, and the 3 amigo's would take the lease payment as an expense.\n\nTax deferral at it's best!\n\nOf course from the corp standpoint, make sure that each company own's 1/3 and it's board has 3 seats, one from each.  The best form might be a LLP.   A taxman or lawman can help decide the best legal form.
very simple, make the children up as the sugar plum fairy(pretty party dress), candy cane lane (have a child wear a red and white stripe shirt with a red hat and red pants),\ngum drops (use felt to make two big triangles that would fit over childrens shoulders, sew together sides with openings left for arms to come out.  Leave bottom and top open for head and legs)  Look at board for other ideas.  You will also need adults walking along side the float for safety reasons, have them dress as the gingerbread pieces that move around the board, (blue, green, red and yellow)  Should be really cute.
I'm not sure what all the reasons are, or if there is a way to untangle the problem.  Politicians act very much like commissioned salespeople I think.  They keep selling stuff we don't need.  Remember that many things ARE helped by centralization.  I, for one, believe that the entire world should be under the control of one government that imposes anti-murder laws, anti-theft laws, anti-rape laws, and anti-pollution laws, and possibly others.  Centralization improves standardization.  (crucial with the pollution issue)  Some projects cannot be attempted on the scale of the States, but can be accomplished by the central government.  NASA is a good example of this.  The armed forces, the intelligence agencies.  Since these are such a large part of what "the government" is, the government tends towards centralization.
At last so there are other people who hate xmas. I have three young boy's that want for nothing all year yet they still get asked for a xmas list from Granny's and grandads, aunts and uncles in November! I don't hate the Xmas idea I just hate what it's become. The only people who win are the superstores. What even more annoying is the song "I wish it could be Xmas everyday" I like boxing day because it's 364 days til Xmas!
Seriously you want to get there between the hours of 12am to 2am.  Then when you get there you want to take an extra person with you to push a cart, cause there's gonna be a lot of people there.  This way someone can watch your cart, you can run in grab the t.v. that you want and you have a cart to put it in.  That and carts clutter up areas.  Hopefully that makes sense.  Or have an other person who may be a little bit more aggressive go in and grab the t.v.
Hi there,\n\nThe only other "Free" security software ather than Avast is AVG.  However, I would strongly recommend avoiding this as it is currently only protecting against 90% of known viruses (letting ONE IN TEN THROUGH!) as opposed to the circa 99.3% protected by other paid-for programs.  This also doesn't protect you against spyware, adware, keyloggers, rootkits, etc.\n\nMy recommendation would be Prevx1.  This is an all-in-one solution that will protect you against every type of malicious file/program and has the strongest protection and removal capabilities of all security programs available today.\n\nDownload the Free Trial of Prevx1 which will scan your PC and remove this and any other infections free of charge:\nhttp://www.prevx.com\n 
check this site out. I think you will like what you find there,I do!  http://www.softwarepatch.com  just search the free downloads.
Cancer is mutated cells, and it only takes 1 to mutate in just the right way and start making copies of itself.
the quality sounds questionable. In my opinion you should get an orion xt6 or an orion short tube 80 with the eq-1 equatorial mount
hockey - when that one from the devils hit that other one from the hurricanes so hard that he couldn't even skate back to the penalty box...
First, I won't go into the legality of downloading movies. There are copyright laws in the US that would make downloading movies a crime. Actually, I don't know if it's the act of DOWNLOADING or the act of UPLOADING or MAKING AVAILABLE that is illegal. I would think the later.\n\nAnyway, you can find tons of movies at various BitTorrent sites. I use these as a few to find certain TV shows...\n\nhttp://www.torrentspy.com/\nhttp://isohunt.com/\nhttp://isohunt.com/\nhttp://thepiratebay.org/\n\nYou'll need a BitTorrent client to download these files. I use Azureus, which seems to be about the best. You can find it for free, here....\n\nhttp://azureus.sourceforge.net/\n\nFinally, there are pay sites that make promises that I cannot attest to, because I have never used them, but they might be worth a look. Here are a few...\n\nhttp://watersaffl.pspblend.hop.clickbank.net?tid=YAHOOANS\nhttp://watersaffl.movies01.hop.clickbank.net?tid=YAHOOANS\nhttp://watersaffl.sharedm.hop.clickbank.net?tid=YAHOOANS\nhttp://watersaffl.tvorg.hop.clickbank.net?tid=YAHOOANS\nhttp://watersaffl.flynetwork.hop.clickbank.net?tid=YAHOOANS\n\nThat ought to do you for a while. Good luck.
In a civil case, a wife can invoke what is called "the marital privilege."  This is different from the right of a criminal defendant's spouse to refuse to testify all together, the "spousal immunity privilege."  The "marital privilege" applies in both civil and criminal cases.  The spouse still has to testify, but certain testimony will be priviledged. Here are the basics:  \n1.  All confidential communications are privilege.  This mean no third party can be present (with the exception of children too young to understand).\n2.  The parties must be married at the time the communication occurs.  \n3.  There is a split about whether actions observed by a spouse fit under the privelege (i.e. a wife witnesses her husband receiving stolen goods).  This will be up to your individual jurisdiction. \n4. The privilege does not apply to suits between spouses.\n5.  Only the spouses can claim the privilege.
ummm rofl suck him off u will look him in the eyes then
O Caçador has apoint, but it will work for the 50 rows only\nchange the references in that formula of $A$50 into $A50.\nThis will causes COUNTIF to enter all cells from A1 to the cell above me.\n\nOR\nYou can use my way (Which is also based on COUNTIF function)\nI used to add a column Column B) with this formula\n=COUNTIF( A4, $A$1:A4)\nand change its Conditional Formatting into Red when is more than zero.\nIn this example, the cell will be colored in Red when you entered a value that is saved above, no matter where you copy and paste it.\n\nEnjoy my profile, I am the VBAXLMan
You have to start where the ban was initiated. If it was your direct teacher, start with them. Was the ban placed on just you? If this was a school-wide ban enacted because of your actions it's going to be more difficult to get turned over. \n\nIn the case that it is a school-wide rule, you need to submit a letter to the principal requesting a meeting and stating your reasons why you feel the ban is not necessary. You cannot be overly aggressive, as this person will probably be your only chance. Going above the principal will create problems for you down the road.\n\nAfter meeting with the principal, if you feel that you still have not made any headway, your next step will be to form a petition. Start a sheet with a typed heading stating, in very clear, concise terms, what it is that you are trying to get accomplished. Get as many signatures as you can and present this to your principal. This will show how many are as interested as you in getting the ban lifted. \n\nBeyond this, attending a school board meeting might work, but if you get rejected there...your fight will be much more difficult.\n\nBest of luck to you!
Naughty! You are getting coal! lol...... or you could just wait until Christmas to find out (I guarantee this one will work).
C'est l'amour quoi
Depends whats causing it !!!
I am sure that there will be jobs which will only take people with specific training or qualifications, but from an employers point of view there are so many poor candidates applying for good jobs that those who have anything to offer really do stand out - qualifications or otherwise.\n\nI would suggest that you make your CV concise and engaging: use bullet points.  Most importantly let your personality shine through.  I always look at an applicant's personal details (i.e. hobbies and interests, personal statement etc.) before looking at qualifications because that's where I can find out most about the person. At the end of the day I need be sure I can get on with them.  Qualifications are invariably old and therefore less relevant.  \n\nI would also include previous experience and transferable skills - for instance if you have children you might well have excellent negotiation skills!\n\nBe confident, I'm sure that you'll find the conditions favourable out there.  Best of luck.
The draft is an excellent idea. Let's make this an equal opportunity war, where the rich and middle class have to go to Iraq to fight and die along with the poor. Let's see these armchair generals & war cheerleaders go out and have to do their share of fighting or send their kid off to fight.
i have a great webiste for you to check out regarding foot care.  there are several articles, foot care products and a discussion forum.  there are several things that could be going on with your feet in addition to or because of the flat feet.  check it out i think it will be very helpful to you.  use the source as direct link to site.
Mark McGwire in the "Hall"? No, he won't get there and thats a shame. People have cheated in sports since the begining of time. Yet, there is no proof at all that he ever took steroids. Did he get bigger? Oh yeah. Has Clemens gotten bigger? Yes. Homeruns are all he hit but he, along with Sosa revitalized the national pasttime unlike any players in the last 30 years. His drug use is nothing more than speculation and a witch hunt by a bunch of guys who don't want to see there heroes fall from atop some HALLOWED list of numbers. Why is it that a man who hit more homeruns in a season than other teams did in a year is a hero and legend? Wonder what Ruth was on???
you could limit the services that start on boot up, either in administrative tools from the control panel or go to start run, type msconfig, and go to startup uncheck unecessary programs for startup when booting.  Run a defrag on your disk, you can compress to save some space.  You can also upgrade your memory, run a check for virus or spyware and remove.
Go with LAX.  You'll be glad you're in great shape when summer rolls around.\n\nSing in the shower.
Walnuts are good.
THE UNITED PRO CHOICE SMOKERS RIGHTS NEWS LETTER.
Wolfensberger to do with a theory called normalisation, usually used in social work, Learning Disabilities especially.  Basically it means that if you keep telling and treating someone they are stupid,or 'less than' they will believe it and behave accordingly.  Hence self fullfilling prophecy.
You need to adjust the physical size of the picture on your monitor. This may be either controlled by buttons on the front or wheels underneath. Some monitors automatically have a reset that tunes the picture automatically. Found commonly on flat panel monitors.\n\nGoogle the make and model of your monitor for a manual if you don't have one.
if you are an Egyptian, then you must know how. if you are a foreigner, then i don't know.
If it's not made here - it shouldn't be sold here. Especially by American companies who fired workers here, moved to a foreign country to produce their thingamabobs, and then doubly insulted us by bringing them back here to sell. We allow this - which is why the rest of the world considers us unsophisticated.
I'm a jets fan, and they are playing great this year!!! My bother is a jets fan so I always have them in my picks.  Plus I like to watch them play. they are good in their own division. So you are not the only one.
Try getting a HUGE inflateable ball then lie on your back on the ball then if you hear your back crack its working I've done it and it really works!
You could get the same package at your local Wal-Mart for roughly the same price.
yes
Nick Dasovic scored for St Johnstone against Rangers in the league cup final.
what a concept, never looked at it like that, is one slice a wholemeal, or is the whole loaf a wholemeal?
your complete name - yes\nyour age - if you are still in HS, then yes.  Maybe not if you are in college\nyour place of birth - probably not... this is not a common question on enrollment applications\n\nWhen you are in college (which I'm going to assume you are not, by the question) your professors only really care about the following personal information: Name, student number, school email address.  Everything else is handled by the registrar, and the profs don't really need to see it.\n\nWhen you are a minor, your teachers will have access to your name, birth date, student number, and possibly your parents address (in the event that your parents have to be notified about your behavior or something), any medical or food allergies that you might have, and any learning disabilities that you might have.  The administration office will also have records that include an emergency phone number and contact persons (usually your parents).  All of this information about you is kept safe , and is only shared with those employees of the school district that are responsible for keeping you safe and your family informed. (So, your home address isn't floating around the student body unless you share the information.)\n\nBy looking at your other recent questions, however, I get the feeling that you are asking this in hopes of deceiving your "hot" teacher into believing that you are of consenting age to have a relationship with him.  Just don't.  Regardless of how fabulous you are, or how much you like him, a relationship between a teacher and a student is strictly illegal.  You are basically asking over and over again how you can ruin this man's future.  If you really do like him and care about him, please put all thoughts of a relationship with him out of your head.  It's okay to fantasize, but it's better to move on and seek a relationship with someone who is actually available.
I've found over the years that PB doesn't always choose the highest quality components (to put it mildly). Be sure to get the extended warranty.
Mendoza, in Argentina.  The Cerro Aconcagua is located in Argentina and is the highest mountain in The Americas and the Southern Hemisphere, as well as the highest peak outside of Asia and one of the Seven Summits.
This could possibly be a parotid tumor. Don't be afraid- they are usually benign, although it is a good idea to get them checked out.  I had one for a couple of years. Several doctors said it was a swollen gland, but it grew until it  was bothering me. I was sent to an ENT who did a CT , found out it was a parotid tumor, and took it out. No problems, and barely a scar.
x = 2
I have a lot of friends that are adults 'cause i don't like kids my age either. Nah. I don't think you'll be boring.
As far as I know she gets a life threatening disease and leaves Ramsey Street for treatment in the city,
You may be able to recovery stuff from the corrupted files but you will probably need expert help if they are badly corrupted.\n\nAlways cheaper to have a good backup strategy. Seriously consider buying an external drive to keep important data on. Here's just one example but shop around for what you want within your budget:\nhttp://www.zdnet.com.au/reviews/hardware/storage/soa/Maxtor_OneTouch_II_300GB_/0,139023427,139168076,00.htm\n\nYahoo messenger is available at the home page of this website.\nJust click Home and click on the 'Messenger' link and it'll offer you the download.\n///
Odd you can find Yahoo Answers, but you can't find your daily "wheather".\n\nlol
WOOOOOHOOOOOOO JR IS JR IS GOOOOOO JR!! Jr is better because he has more talent than the cry baby Johnson. He just got lucky! Cheater he is!!
Foods containing high concentrations of L- Arginine ( an amino acid). Shingles are a related virus to herpes/chicken pox. Almonds are very high in this.
HPV is NOT an STD.  Are you sure you had the flu???  Or flu like symptoms???  Because thats a sign of HIV.  GO GET TESTED NOW.  IM NOT TRYING TO SCARE YOU.
There are many different sizes and shapes of burrs. The number and size of the cutting edges vary. There are also grinding discs and cylinders, cones, etc. These can be corundum, aluminum oxide or even diamond.  \n\nBy law each patient gets a sterilized hand piece and new burrs. \nAnd I would insist on new burrs. The used ones can harbor bits and pieces of someone else's teeth or bone! Do not let them be re-used on you!\n \n\nI am not sure which question you were asking, but these answers should take care of it.
It means he accepts the responsibility and therefore the sentence will be more lenient than if he pleaded not guilty and found guilty.\n\nI am not a lawyer
Yes. I was scared at first but there was a big bean bag at the bottom. I felt like right when my adrenaline started flowing that it was over so I don't think it was high enough. I did it in Pigeon Forge Tennessee and yes, I would definately try it again.
it's hard when you are the only young PERSON there - but, you don't see them everyday - and, if you just have to put up with them occasionally, you'll have to try.  why not bring something to read, listen to music, even bring a friend with you when you go for company.   life is what YOU make it - so bring something along with you that makes you happy.  hang in there, pretty soon the age difference will not seem all that bad - and you'll find that you are catching up to them and you may even have some things in common with them.  make it a happy day for yourself - because YOU are the only one who is ruining HER day.
Your first answer is interesting since it assumes one learns about history and geography in school.Of course you do, but you learn much more just from research based on your own interests and curiosities. No.The answer is more complex and relates to the chauvinism that seems to characterise the U.S. When we look at the U.S from the outside, as citizens of other places, it is like experiencing a time warp --- the place looks stuck in the 19th century in terms of political and social attitudes.
Absolutely!! The higher the fiber the less fat your body absorbs. No to mention, A high fiber diet is heart healthy!!
x + 2 x + x = 160\n\nAdd like terms\n\n4 x = 160\n\nDivide by 4 on each side...\n\nx = 40
There could be a million reasons...don't want to be married, haven't found someone that they want to be with, they are shy and don't meet many people, their life circumstances haven't allowed them the luxury of considering marriage.......I could go on and on.....why don't you just ask the person?
Run the destructive restore CD that comes with the computer which takes it back to factory settings.\nE
Fiscal Year's Q4 will start on July 1, 2007.\n\nCalendar Year's Q4 will start on October 1, 2007.
okay, you obviously have not had any children of your own yet.  What exactly is the age difference between you and his children?  15 is pretty old.  a 15 year old is no longer a child and they have already formed opinions of their own and could very possibly support themselves if ever needed.  So a 15 year old is a young adult.  My brother is 15.  Its a very delicate stage where they want their parents undivided attention, and they are old enough to know how to get it....His daughter IS "HIS daughter" and has been in his life from day one for 15 years.  He undoughtably loves her, and fathers allow their daughters to manipulate them, even more than their sons for the most part.  This girl may feel as though you are her equal (if you are close in age with her) inturn she will not respect you...@ 15 sometimes you don't even respect your parents let alone the chick your dad's dating.....He is going to take her (and the other children's) side over yours every time, probably forever, if he stays with you....i know this sounds harsh, and it is not meant to offend but I'm just telling you how it is.  And I'm 100% sure it has nothing to do with your race @ all.
photoshop cs2 is good.\n\nbut you need to know how to use it!\n\nis not that hard.\n\ntutorials:\n\nhttp://movielibrary.lynda.com/html/modPage.asp?ID=87
Bolton 2-1 Wigan\nCharlton 3-0 Man City\nFulham 0-1 Everton\nLiverpool 2-1 Reading\nMan Utd 1-0 Portsmouth\nNewcastle 1-1 Sheffield Utd\nWatford 1-0 Middlesbrough\nAston Villa 3-2 Blackburn\nTottenham 1-0 Chelski (fantasy storyline) 0-1 (real one)\nWest Ham 1-4 Arsenal
That's to bad! I hope the Giants go after him, but I think the Giants are as cheap as Seattle is!
is 1410/2400 (all three scores) or 1410/1600 (just your CR and math) ??? that makes all the difference
Very little in practice, except that an essay usually develops some form of argument and therefore begins with an introduction, has a number of intermediary paragraphs in which the argument is developed and then arrives at a conclusion which is set out in the final paragraph.\n\nAn article does not necessary develop an argument or even display a point of view.  It is simply a succinct way of imparting information.  Because it is aimed at a readership which seeks to be informed rather than entertained, it has shorter paragraphs than an essay.  In other words, it is more punchy.  It is likely to contain links and references and while being neatly rounded off at the end, does not necessary present any conclusion.\n\nThat's the theory, anyway!
Hi - \n\nWell, first, a few facts:  Cholesterol in your diet can ONLY come from animal products.  So that means meats, seafoods (especially shrimp and shellfish), eggs, dairy, etc.  If you limit these foods, and increase your intake of fruits, veggies and whole grains, it's likely you will see a positive result  :)\n\nNow, onto your question.  It's been seen that niacin can have some lowering effect on cholesterol, and some believe garlic supplements can help (both have mixed results in clinical studies).  Either way, nothing over the counter will have nearly the effect that a statin would have.\n\nYour MD or RD will be able to tell you best what will work for you and your lifestyle.
Like every other state in the Union. They get two and only two. \nPlease refer to the United States Constitution for additional information. As for the number in the House of Representatives. That number is determined by the number of residents in the state.
As a person, I could care less about Bush. As our president, he is in a league of his own. Forget about Iraq for a moment. Where is Osama Bin Laden? Why has he not been captured or killed? He was the person behind 9/11, have we forgotten so soon with the distraction of Iraq? As a president Bush is an absolute failure. Telling America if we don't fight them there we are going to have to fight them here...a crock of bullsh*t. Is all of our fighting over there going to stop some crazies who hate us from attacking us here? If you think so you are as delusional as our president. When my president tells me God is talking to him, it tells me he thinks he can do no wrong. He disregards the constitution, the Geneva Conventions and anything else that gets in his way of being the "decider".  I've watched forty-five years of presidents come and go. He rates at the very bottom of the list in my opinion.\nNixon is probably smiling, the heat is finally off of him.
Jut type their names in the search box on Youtube and select their videos. Here is the link http://www.youtube.com/
also roaches and centipedes...and scorpians
los chicos son grandes\n\nmaria esta divertida
It is the difference between what you spent and what you earned
it is a record label owned by Jermaine Dupri\n\nfor more information go to...\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/So_So_Def_Records\n\n=)
The deepness of a person's voice is dependent on the length of their vocal chords\n\nPicture a gutiar the shorter you make the string the higher pitch\nthe longer the lower\n\nGirls have short vocal chords while guy's have longer ones\n\nDoes that help?
Rodney Carrington
it sounds like it is from someone that is in love with the person they are writing it too yet that person really does not care for the writer and the writer is becoming a bit like a stalker yet they do not wish to be this. they have hopes the person will change there mind and care for them yet there hopes are always shattered again and again the simple stories are like there pleas to understand why they should be together but they were unnecessary because the person did not even read them and it had on effect on them.
All you say and worse is common knowledge, unfortunately most USA citizens refuse to believe it and are so brain washed by their government and movies they are in denial.\nThe CIA & NSA have and have addmitted to have a policy of assasination and implement it.\nIran - Contra showed total complicity of the CIA in the drug trade for weapons.\nThere are hundreds of cases well proven.\nI am amazed at some of the answers you have recived denying the fact.\nAs to your question - No
Not sure about KY, but in AL and most other places indictments are handed down from a grand jury who usually hear evidence regarding felonies and determine whether or not there is enough evidence/probable cause to believe the accused has committed a crime.  That would be seperate from simply not showing up for court which is a violation which carries little or no jail time.  Call the jail and see what his charge is and go from there.
I like for her to respond to what I am doing to her... tell me what to do too! What really turns me on is knowing that she is not going to tell me to stop and that she has given me control over her body... then it is my joy to get her off as much as possible... as far as facial expressions go, I like it when she bites her lip, trembles, squeals, and even better when she makes a mess!
Hi,\n\nTry using the Windows Product Key Update Tool, available here:\nhttp://www.microsoft.com/genuine/selfhelp/PKUInstructions.aspx\n\nThis should allow you to put in your now genuine copy's key to overwrite the other one. It should also check the windows system files to make sure they're valid too.\n\nHTH
Either take it to the local American Legion, or the VFW.
Try having an open house on a Saturday afternoon January-February.  Have it be a causal affair with all the staff there, lots of colorful brochures, and have the staff esp. chat with the little ones.  The regular kids won't be there, so there will be plenty of room, etc.  I'd encourage the little ones to play with the toys, etc., be very hands on.  Maybe play games that are played during regular hrs.\n\nDefinitely have a drawing for anyone who enrolls that day to win a free week of childcare, "good" after a month of paid care.
I believe that it is arrogant to think we know the ways of the Creator.  To say who will or will not be saved by God is simply up to God, surely better company is to be had from a peaceful Buddhist than a whining self rightious door knocker.   The Bible says not to judge others lest we be judged.  I think that tells me more about who will be saved.  \nAlso, even if it tells us that the only way is through Jesus, It's not my job to limit the names, means, and ways, that God opens his paths.
She had custody of the child initially because he didn't ask for it.  If he had, then there would have been a custody agreement.  It sounds like one is needed now.  Probably she will have permanent custody & he will have visitation rights.\n\nI sure hope that they can come together & provide the child with a stable and loving home environment.  The last thing any child needs is to have parents fighting over him.  Or should I say, using him to get back at each other.
The only way to know for sure is if they do not hold a charge for any length of time.  Rechargeable batteries can only be recharged a number of times before they will not hold a charge.  When you purchase a new battery, it should state how many times the battery may be recharged before it will no longer hold a charge.  Might be a good idea to keep track of how many times you recharge each battery to know for sure.
im 13 too! what worked miracles for me was going vegan! just dont eat anything that has animal products in it (milk, eggs, meat) and you will loose lots of weight. just still make sure you get all your nutrients!!! keep exersizing too. :)
I agree with your point, but that's the problem. Those that argue AGAINST homeschooling, do not do the research to back up their standpoint, and that is ignorant. Someone on here said that they sit in a classroom and aren't distracted?! Was my school the only one in the world who's students passed notes back and forth when the teacher's backs were turned, were obsessed with who was dating who, who dumped who, what was going on that weekend... instead of paying attention in class? For the record, when you're working with your child one on one, you don't NEED six hours of school a day. 2-3 is adequate enough. How can you get distracted with only 2-3 hours of school a day? Even if you're having a sick day you can manage to work 2-3 hours, no problem. Do the research before you talk. I never participated in school sports, thought they were retarded. I didn't like team activities, because unless you're really good at it, you get harassed by the ones who do... they're the ones with the attitudes. And, imagine that... I never participated in sports, never went to dances,etc. where all the drama was, yet I was able to be successful in every job I had and be a team player. Hmmm, maybe maturity has more to do with being a team player than being on a sports team. Stupid analogy for a teacher, you think you'd come up with something better than that. If my children decide they want to compete, there are plenty of city sports, karate classes, dance classes, all that compete and often go to other areas to do it, competing nationally. Also, some schools work with homeschoolers instead of against them and allow the students to go to school just for p.e. and sports. There are more opportunities when you're homeschooled than in a public school. Yes, I went to a 'normal' school growing up, and that's what made me decide on homeschooling. If 'normal' means backstabbing each other, lying, stealing, cheating, being self-centered, slacking off responsibility, and being constantly in a popularity contest, I don't want anything to do with it, and I certainly don't want my kids being 'normal' in that respect. Because that is not a representation of real life when they graduate. You act like that on a job and you won't have a job anymore. School is nothing like the work force. We all get to pick what jobs we do, where we work, IF we work. You don't get those options in school, you're stuck. At home, as long as the kids get the work done it really doesn't matter what hours they're doing it. If they have a bad day (my child is autistic, bad days happen and it's pointless to work on them), nobody is going to give him a bad mark because they're mad that they didn't get paid for him to be there, he simply picks it up the next day. There's much more choices for homeschooled kids then public, or even private. Do the research or don't bother to answer the questions.
In all honesty honey you need to hone up on your writting skills as well as your spelling .Good luck
Ton of Hot peppers! And... Your aunt sucks!
advantages of football:\nplayers learn:\n\nresponsibilty\ncoordination\npositive attitude\ntime management\ngoal setting
boldin 100% i mean stallworth isnt even in the equation especially with mcnabb out for the rest of the season and garcia isnt theat great of a qb stick with the one u can trust not the risk
Chemist, Supermarket. Yes it does work, but not if you are going to eat Junk food etc, as with any diet you have to eat sensible and healthy. But they do work.
Let me guess.  Homework, right?\n\nOK, here ya go.\n\nGreen Beans\nLima Beans\nKidney Beans\nWax Beans\nSnap Beans\nYuman Beans\nGlory Beans\nCoffee Beans\nChili Beans\nSoy Beans\n\nThey are all from farms.
they can tell when earthquake or floods r going to take place.
Political assination
How far of a drive would it be for you to go to Fort Washington, PA close to Philly? I drove 12 hours from Ohio to go to the best in the world in my opinion.  Never regretted the drive one moment.\n\nProsthodontic Intermedica is my Doctor's.\n\nhttp://www.dentalimplants-usa.com/
Point Guard-Okay this player is the most important to the team. Not necessarily the best but he is the most important.\nfirst this person should have good ball handling skills and must be able to see the court better than anyone on the team. Vision is very important.He also needs to be a good passer because he is going to be the man guy who distributes the ball.\n\nShooting Guard-Now a lot of times this is the best player on the team.(if you look to the history of the NBA and presnt, like Jordan,Kobe, Wade, Lebron). This person should have a good shot and should be able to drive to the basket.\n\nSmall Foward-Well he is the guy inthe middle. He should be able to driblle (at least descent), rebound, drive and sometimes post up.\n\nPower Foward- This guy rebounds and is also accounted to score points down low and blocks shots. They also should be able to set a pick since they usually set the most picks/screens.\n\nCenter-This guy rebounds,blocks, scores down low.
He's damned either way.\n\nIf he starts vetoing he'll make it look like the repubs are unwilling to get anything done.  The last thing people want is to see the government stagnent - he'll (and his party) will get blamed.\n\nIf he doesn't he'll continue to look like the do nothing presidents of past (Goldwater).
Change the width of your grip, experiement with this move it in or out depending how wide it already is.  Also do your repetitions very slowly, this should help you feel the burn.
You can't drop it, it is up to the state to take charge regardless of the incident. Even if it was you who assaulted him it would be the same outcome. They have cracked down on so much of the domestic situations these days in every state nation wide. To many people end up getting killed and hurt very badly after females (males) drop the case. It's just impossible for you to drop it it's up to the state your in to protect you now. Even if you don't want it to happen. It's evident that he needs help controlling his anger and it doesn't mean your a bad person. Hopefully you understand that could have been the last time he ever hit or abused you. You could have ended up in a pine box. Believe me I understand where you coming from but you need to go to counseling and understand what the outcome of his actions are no matter what you ever do or say. NO PERSON HAS THE RIGHT TO PUT THEIR HANDS ON ANOTHER PERSON IN A VIOLENT MANNER.
If your computer is not working properly while you are working on it, it could be a problem with device drivers, hardware or software. \nDetailed instructions at http://tinyurl.com/yk5zpr
1. Do da da - Green Day. From the album "Shenanigans." \n\n2.200 lightyears away - Green Day. From the album "Kerplunk!"\n\n3. Worry Rock - Green Day. From the album "Nimrod" \n\nGreen Day = AWESOME! :D They're my favourite band!!!\n\nFavourite song = Misery - "Warning"
For Internet Explorer, you can go and clean all the History from Tools>Internet Options> Clean History at the bottom. That will clear the web sites visited before.\n\nFor the files on the computer, you can hide them from its properties and don't show all files in Folder Options from control panel.\n\nAlso you can create a new profile for your brother if you have windows XP and password protect your profile.
1. environment\n2. boundary\n3. emergence\n4. parts\n5. processes\n6. input and output\n7. internal functional areas\n8. stability\n\ncheck out this website for information about each one of these characteristics (this was also my source):\n\nhttp://www.scit.wlv.ac.uk/university/scit/modules/cp4414/lectures/week2/businfo2/sld003.htm
black friday:\n\nbest buy: $250\n\ncircuit city $200\n\nbrand new\npretty good, great for basic stuff\n\nget ready to get in line tomorow night for friday morning at 5
the probloem seems to be with ur mic
Most Americans I know, including myself, love our cousins across the pond. We are much like a family, we may not always agree, but we are still family.
You need to calm down and regroup.You are letting your emotions get the best of u and the good thing is u know it. So take a deep breath and step back and talk this thing out.With us or someone u know. Remember she is only 3 yr old. Tell her when she says this that she can't and it is bad.If she does it again make her go to her room.I wish u all the luck...Your her father so u need to show her right from wrong without violence
what should you do? what do you want to accomplish? do you want to make your ex jealous or did you want to remain friends and feel that if hes jealous, than it could spoil everything? do you want him back in your life, so the new-found interest is welcomed or are you afraid hes going to stalk you and your new guy and the thought is frightening?\n\nthe easiest answer is always the most difficult to do, communication. i have a feeling if you think it might be jealousy, it probably is. though, sometimes theres no way to remain friends after a break-up, if you do.. you need to lay it all out on the table. you probably know the best way to handle this situation.
well if you have a turkey and I have a turkey the score is gobble-up
Hello Sophie, these links will answer all literary questions.\n\nJane Austen.  Pride and Prejudice  \n\nI have found10+ summaries for you to look at, click the link below. I have included a short extract to give you a taste of what the reviews have to offer and they’re FREE..!!!\n\nhttp://www.antistudy.com/search.php?title=Pride+and+Prejudice\n\nhttp://www.freebooknotes.com/book.php3?id=340\n\nhttp://education.yahoo.com/homework_help/cliffsnotes/pride_and_prejudice/\n\nhttp://www.sparknotes.com/lit/pride/\n\nWhen Charles Bingley, a rich single man, moves to the Netherfield estate, the neighborhood residents are thrilled, especially Mrs. Bennet, who hopes to marry one of her five daughters to him. When the Bennet daughters meet him at a local ball, they are impressed by his outgoing personality and friendly disposition. They are less impressed, however, by Bingley’s friend Fitzwilliam Darcy, a landowning aristocrat who is too proud to speak to any of the locals and whom Elizabeth Bennet overhears refusing to dance with her.\n\nhttp://www.cliffsnotes.com/WileyCDA/LitNote/id-147,pageNum-5.html\n\nPlot Summary \n\nThe novel begins with Mrs. Bennet’s announcement that a nearby estate, Netherfield, has been rented by a young, handsome man named Bingley. She implores her husband, Mr. Bennet, to call on the man, and decides that he would make a suitable husband for one of her daughters.\n\nhttp://www.jiffynotes.com/PrideandPrejudice/PlotSummary.html\n\nGood luck.\n\nKevin, Liverpool, England.
Remember, Gerrard is a backup, and Jacksonville isn't built to have an explosive passing attack. Start Grossman for sure, he's been among the most consistent QB's fantasy-wise this season (excluding the arizona debacle of course)
Okay, first of all, let's differentiate between DNA replication, transcription and translation.\n\nDNA replication is the process whereby DNA makes an exact replica of itself. In this process, double stranded DNA is first unwound by the enzyme helicase, and each strand of the DNA serves as a template for the building of its complementary strand (at this point, free nucleotides are attached together in order to build the complementary strand - DNA polymerase is the enzyme that takes care of this). Afterwards, the enzyme ligase binds the two original strands to their two newly built complementary strands to give us 2 identical double stranded DNA.\n\nTranscription is the process whereby RNA is produced. As was the case with DNA replication, a double stranded DNA molecule is unwound, but this time only 1 strand gets its complenetary strand built, and that complementary strand becomes an RNA strand (remember that RNA is a single stranded molecule). Also important to note is the fact that for all A's on the single strand of DNA, we get U (uracil) on the RNA strand when the nucleotides are base pairing. \n\nTranslation is the process whereby RNA (or more specifically, mRNA, tRNA and rRNA) build a protein. All of the three different types of RNA I mentioned are made inside the nucleus. They then leave the nucleus through the nuclear pores and go to the ribosome. rRNA (ribosomal RNA) attaches to a ribosome and makes it function (the exact manner in whcih this is carried out is unknown - some say rRNA acts as an enzyme when it's attached to a ribosome).\n\nmRNA (messenger RNA) is carrying out the actual code to build the protein (i.e., it has the nucleotide bases - and as you should know, each three consecutive bases, also called a codon, code for a particular amino acid). mRNA attaches to the ribosome as well, and lastly, tRNA (transfer RNA) reads off the code on mRNA and goes into the cytoplasm to pick up the amino acid the mRNA codes for, and brings them back to the ribosome, where amino acids are attached together in the sequence that will yield the protein that is to be built.\n\nRemember that proteins are simply polymers of amino acids, that means proteins are made up of amino acids attached together - and the order in which the amino acids are attached together is peculiar to a particular protein.
DX\n\nyou're welcome
there is a free program that allows you to do this in windows XP.  Remote Assisstance.  For free, there may be a catch, but then again it could be legit.  I know that there are many programs on the internet that allow you to do this.  A IT Professional uses such a program to work on the computers at my school.
Go to th calbar and read:\nWhat Should I Know About Divorce And Custody?\nhttp://calbar.ca.gov/
Tom, this is way too serious of a question for this forum I believe.  Since it is heriditary they will probably have to be tested throughout their lives.\nDon't worry so much about this that you forget to live and let them live.  They are being checked each year.  You cannot shield them from everything that could happen to them.
you spoofing again I LEFT YOU WITH 2 Kids LMAO
Depends who you ask.\nIf you ask a democrat, after a republican win, they will say rigged or fixed elections.\n\nIf you ask a republican, they will say free election.  Often done by popular vote.  However, for Presidential elections, the electorial college elects the President.
no never been pregnant but i believe that it is wrong for a girl to have an abortion but i believe that she is free to do whatever she decides
Writing their name in the snow. Every time I try, it gets all trampled and I get pee all over my legs.
Fuego is fire in Spanish, like Tierra del Fuego, the land of fire.
Candace Michelle or Ashley
tell them it does. theyre gullable enough to believe it will. \n\never seen those exorcisms? where the people get singled out from the audience and begin to growl and make noises? same thing. if you convince them that your tiarra is special theyll come to the conclusion that when theyre around it, bad things will happen to them.\n\na knot in their tummy, a pain in their balls, their brain might implode (a possibility for them)....who knows.
Professional medical people will say that this is an invention of your own mind that came about because of the stress of becoming lost as a child.  They could be correct, indeed.\n\nDo you know what this language you have mentioned is saying?  Or do you not know what the language says?  Do you think that this language is an ancient language that used to be used here and somebody will recognize it?  You could write it and photo it and post the photo on the internet....\n\nIn any case, unless this is interfering with your life and making a living and so on, not to worry about it.  Notice this dream woman does not mention why a being from another world ended up in this one, not even saying it was some kind of accident.  And teaching you this language seems not to have any purpose.\n\nWell, strange things do happen, so I keep an open mind, but so far, it looks like a case of heavy stress during your childhood causing your mind to invent this phenomenon.
.............BEN...............
Pitching is the big problem. There are two major holes in the rotation. Moose was resigned so that covers one spot. Wang might go on to win the Cy Young this year so that's two.  Randy Johnson is an iffy third. Fourth and fifth are wide open. The Yanks did do the right thing and pick up a bunch of prospects. Now will they be patience a year or two while these guys develop? Few pitchers worth keeping are even good much less top notch the first 1-3 seasons in the rotation.  Pedro Martinez, Randy Johnson,  Greg Maddux,  Curt Schilling and the list goes on. Look at the first couple years these guys pitched and you'll see lots of struggles going on. \n\nAs for Pettite, that would be a great pick up. Pettite has been the best stopper the Yanks have had year after year. A crucial part of the pennent drives. When the Yanks were in a losing streak it was always Pettite that broke it up. Also the only clutch pitcher the Yanks have had since Cone retired.  When the Yanks really needed it you could count on a good performance from Pettite. Might not be a shutout but Pettite was not going to get shelled. Not in an important game. He's come up with more than a few gems when it was most needed. \n\nWith Sheffield gone the Yanks need to move Giambi. That clears out the other steroid user and a huge contract.  Picking up Shelton from the Tigers might be a good idea. The Tigers obviously don't plan on playing Shelton. He carried the Tigers early in the year. Big problem with the Yanks are the team is too old. Teams as old as the Yankees are certain to suffer injury problems. They are rarely hungry. These guys all have their WS rings and some of them are just trying to finish off really good careers. Though Giambi doesn't have a WS ring for a reason. He's played on also rans his whole career and was supposed to be the spark plug to replace O'Niel.  He didn't either spark or produce his first couple years. After that he didn't have the credibility to be a clubhouse leader. The Yanks need a little fire, some motivation. Hungry players. 1b is a great place to pick up a young motivated player. So is at least the 5th spot in the rotation.  Abreu fits in nicely but he's a short term fix. His stats were declining in Philly. So he'll probably come up with one more good year then start to decline again. Possada as a catcher is getting way to old to count on. He's in injury territory in a very big way. The Yanks need him to start training his successor much the same way Gerlaldi taught Possada. Unlike Geraldi Possada if he transisitions before major injury can be an effective DH and 1b backup. The guy would hit 30+ HRs every year if he was not a catcher. He'd also probably add .010 to his BA. \n\nA-Rod in his worst season is the best 3b in baseball.  Last year he had MVP like numbers. This year only excellent numbers and people are upset?  Besides the fact only a few teams could afford that mega-mistake salary the Rangers made with A-Rod, would you really want to anger him? Trade him to a potential rival and motivate him to prove the Yankees were wrong?  It would come back and haunt the team. \n\nSo a starter or more starting prospects, a young 1b and a couple good catching prospects are what the Yankees need.  There is no quick fix lets get in the series this year kind of changes the Yanks can make. Picking up vets just means a replay of 06 and it's injuries. Bernie can cover DH if the new guys flop. Melky might be the answer or might be somebody else. Whatever the case he should get a serious audition. This is a good year for the Yanks to sort out prospects and aim for 08,09 and 2010 World series.  The Yanks can do a minor retooling this year and next or face a total rebuild in a couple years. Either way no WS.  \n\nBernie, Rivera, Abreu, Randy Johnson, Possada if he continues to catch, Moose are the big names who probably only have a couple good years left in them. Bernie is already probably playi
Uh, none of those, even though Wrong Turn 2 would possibly catch my eye. But I'm anxious to see The Pursuit of Happyness with Will Smith and his son Jayden. Plus Spiderman 3, Dreamgirls, and the new Harry Potter.
I would love to see brock lesnar come back. He was great to see in action. And here is some info on what he is doing currently.\n\n K-1 Hero's / Mixed Martial Arts (2006-present)\n\nOn April 28, 2006, Brock Lesnar appeared inside the ring after the final match of K-1 Hero's Las Vegas and has since signed a deal with the K-1/Hero's. He is currently training with Minnesota Martial Arts Academy under Greg Nelson coach to UFC Lightweight champion Sean Sherk and with University of Minnesota Head Assistant wrestling coach Marty Morgan. Brock Lesnar announced on 12 August 2006 in Las Vegas that he has joined the K-1 promotion and will have his first Mixed martial arts match in February 2007. Royce Gracie then announced that he will serve as Lesnar's trainer.
Humans are a very small cost of global warming.  Anthropogenic greenhouse gases in the atmosphere only account for 4% of all greenhouse gases.  If you look at graphs scientists make up of the temperature over the past 100,000,000 years you can see that we are just at another warm period in our earths history.  There has been warmer times before.  I don't really know how the scientists can figure out what the temperature was 100,000,000 years ago but i have a graph in my environmental science text book that shows that they have.
Assume the forearm is pointed straight forward, so the force is directed along its long axis. Calculate the force on the arm from F=ma, with m 3.0kg, and a the acceleration 80kph/.0047sec (fix the units so it's all m/sec first). Then you have the force, and you have the cross-sectional area that's bearing that load, so F/A=P to get the pressure or stress. Maybe divide by two if there's two bones.
I hope this could help..
id say antigone and creon is the antagonist, antigone is oedipus daughter and the three stories all revolve mainly around him so id go with antigone becuz she relates more lcosely to the central idea of the trilogy!
5x-11=24\n5x=35\nx=7
Try a credit union but you'll have to be a member.
No, it's not legal to sell Steroids without a prescription.  You're safe dude...
Uh...didn't Peyton Manning just sign a 7 year 99 million dollar contract with a 25 million dollar signing bonus? \n\nHe makes more than $668,520 per game.\n\nWhere did you get your facts??? \n\nEDIT: His signing bonus was actually 34 million. Look him up in Wikipedia. His salary is under the professional carrer info. He is the highest paid player in the NFL. You can also find details of his record high salary on USA Today and ESPN Online
yes it is possible
you just have to try and avoid her, dont reply or send her any txts, emails etc
For the full breakdown please see this website:\n\nhttp://www.adobe.com/digitalimag/ps_pse_comparison.html?tab:depth=1
Because God wanted to spare him the sorrow of seeing his children killed or taken away into captivity.\n\n"The word of the LORD came to me: "You shall not take a wife, nor shall you have sons or daughters in this place. For thus says the LORD concerning the sons and daughters who are born in this place, and concerning the mothers who bore them and the fathers who fathered them in this land: They shall die of deadly diseases. They shall not be lamented, nor shall they be buried. They shall be as dung on the surface of the ground. They shall perish by the sword and by famine, and their dead bodies shall be food for the birds of the air and for the beasts of the earth.  Jeremiah 16:1-4
Open outlook express. Click on Tools and then Options.\n\nClick on the maintenance tab and then click on the store folder button.  It will open a window containing the directory where your outlook express data files are kept.  Close outlook express and open that folder. Delete the inbox.dbx file.\n\nWhen you start outlook express the next time it will recreate the inbox.  Please note you will lose ALL your email in the inbox if you do this, but all the other folders will remain intact.
the websites that I founf on GI capsule don't at all sound promising, they all look like the ones that are not approved by FDA, the ones that fgive adds on the TV after midnight, I would recommend you to talk to your doctor first, good luck
The first one -- "Triumph" or "you" depending on which case\nThe second one -- "thrills"\nThe third one -- "adults"\nThe fourth one -- "invention"
It aids the ear canal in helping to eliminate particles and debri from entering which can damage the ear drum.
Dems have the House and are 1 seat away from having the Senate.\n\nThe Senate has 100 members (2 from each state)\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Senate\n\nThe House of Representatives has 435 members (how many each state has is based on population)\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_states_house_of_representatives
Stop the madness! There is no such thing. I have heard some say the woman but lets stop for a moment and think. Both parties give. They just give in different ways. So neither the man nor woman is superior in this regard. You can get the whole spectrum from bad to good from both. I am sure you have heard of men that are giving and same applies to women that just take. So just think about things with an open mind and usually you will see that stereotypical ideas hold no water. Its just a lazy way to label people.
google for "Modovan Embassy"
hae a look on myspace.com - go onto music.. \n\nthen click on the country bit!!! there will be loads on there... \n\nthats where I look if I fancy listenin to Something abit different...\n\nthere you go theres the country link: - \n\nhttp://topartists.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=music.topBands&genreID=11
Both... Dreams to be seen & to be fulfilled to make it a Reality..\n  Well those who can't dream,they can't make it reality and those who don't believe in reality are bound or cursed to be doomed...
between 250 and 350 pounds
the sad fact is most voters don't know the issues at hand\nso smears and catchy jingles work very well
Most of the time, you can transfer nearly all of the credits from an associate's towards a Bachelor's.  You would need to check with the college you're thinking of going to and have them do a transcript analysis...they'll look at your grades and see which classes they'll accept for towards your bachelor's.
my dog
cook an awesome dinner, buy a really hot dress, cater to his every whim, sit next to him and feed him, gauranteed to work.
Charles the 1st (king from 1625 - 1649)\n\nEDIT\n\nLucky, there was no English King between Charles 1sts execution in 1649 and Charles 2nd becoming King in 1660.\n\nThe Cromwells (Oliver then his son Richard) were in charge with their parliament supposedly running the country, though Oliver ruled like a monarch.
No absolutely not. It's my favourite.\n\nDöner Kebab (as döner kebap in Turkish and often simply kebap, döner, doner or donner.), which literally means "turning roast" is the name given to a Turkish dish made with lamb (or mutton), beef or chicken. A version developed to suit German tastes by Turkish immigrants in Berlin has become one of the world's most popular fast food dishes. It is essentially the same dish as shawarma and gyros, possibly differing from them in the type of meat and spices used.
You can backup your entire drive to the external drive using True Image backup software. It can backup almost everything absolutely everywhere. Note that for best safety you need to have at least 2 images of your system, so I'd recommend you to backup it not only to the external drive but also on the CDs/DVDs. \nLatest version of ATI:\nhttp://www.acronis.com/homecomputing/products/trueimage/\nFree version of ATI:\nhttp://www.acronis.com/mag/vnu-ati7
The town where Cherie Blair was born,,that'll teach em
have you been to the doctor? obsessive thoughts can be treated
Evidently you have been nurturing this on for some time... even prior to breaking up with your three year fling... It sounds like you want it to happen... Is he aware that you are free to date now... unattached...? If he is, I would do nothing and see if he asks you out in a week or so... if he doesn't, he's just a good office friend with no romantic interest... Some people don't like dating fellow office workers... It's a definite no no... especially when disagreements arise in your private life... I would change my focus and look elsewhere... You are pretty enough to attract a variety of eligible men... so don't worry about that... Just work on that sparkling personality...
The "X" factor, that aura about someone that you can't really put your finger on but you can feel it when you make eye contact.
If either one regains the belt it won't be from Silva or GSP. I knew GSP was gonna dominate Hughes like that he is a much better fighter people need to pull their heads out of their asses and get off the hype about Hughes he is not a great fighter. He hasn't had to fight anyone in the last 2 years that was. Until he fought BJ Penn who destroyed him in rounds 1 and 2. And Matt won by BJ being gassed and hurt. Even go back and watch the first GSP-Hughes fight GSP was beating Hughes until he left his arm open for hughes. \nFranklin I was suprised. I didnt' fall into the hype around Silva when he beat Chris Leaban. But I did think he would give Franklin a good fight.\nI was not expecting the puneshment he gave Franklin and that Franklin had nothing in return. It was like Silva said bend over I'm gonna knee you in the head a bunch of times and Franklin said ok...\nHughes doesn't desearve a rematch before Sera, Paresiyan and Sanchez get their shots. Although I think they should have to fight Hughes or BJ Penn and win first... Doubtful though.
When you work for a tyrant it is demoralizing, demeaning, and it can damage your self esteem beyond repair.  I feel for you--and I am in the same boat.\nI can only tell you to do what I haven't yet done myself.  Move on.  Take a new job and hopefully you will be able to work for people that appreciate you.
I have sex with men, it gets embarrassing sometimes, but if I think to much about it it makes me go soft.  It's natural, and it's great to last longer and give your partner more pleasure.  Probably better for you, once a man is done he's done and doesn't want to wait for me.
My outrage and indignation is intact and well.  It's motivating me straight to the voting booth to vote Democratic.
=print fliers from your computer telling this story and place them on windshields at the mall and grocery stores. You could also picket outside the store but you may need a permit.
Tax dollars that are given to police depts.
SHRI BHAIRON SINGH SHEKHAWAT
Do you mean henna?  Like, mehendi?  Try looking up henna.\n\nI don't have my botany books with me, but I think you mean henna.
I hate doctors sometimes. Make the effort to go somewhere else and get a second opinion. I've never had this, but whatever it is it needs to be treated. Don't let this go, because it may be something serious, rare, or new...
First off, in an disagreement, keep hold of your temper.  Try to reason with her without raising your voice.   Try to negotiate a compromise.  Before she can threaten you with taking something away, try saying something like, "I would really like to move this vanity somewhere else so that I can make room for a desk.  I know you don't want to, so why don't we make a trade? I'll do something you want in exchange for this favor."  This will demonstrate that you are mature and are considering her feelings and wants too.  It used to work with my mother.
Because we are always in a hurry and are somewhat lazy!  There are millions of examples of acronyms, abbreviations, and initials we use daily like the ones you named.  Text messaging took this to whole new level.  \n\nAs far as the repetitive nature, of saying ATM machine, PIN number, I'm not sure why we do it.  Maybe because we think people won't know what we mean?
My friend that is a great question , one that has been kicked around for awhile. \n\nI agree why should we only remember the veterans for a short time when we should be remember there sacrifices all the time , it's a shame that as you said, "the young people in the world today are becoming more and more ignorant to what happened in the wars ". \n\nI think that something should be done about this but it apparently has become common place to only give thanks for sacrifices once a year.
Forget Tasco!!  I have a Nikon on my Browning A-bolt and it is just fine.  I normally prefer Leupold, but I got the Nikon with a rebate and on sale.  I think unless you really shop around, your going to have a hard time finding a dependable scope to take the punishment for $125.  Learn to shoot your iron sights well and wait until after the season for some sales.
Je pense qu'il est fort tout simplement
Sounds like depression to me. I have been diagnosed with bipolar a couple of years back... and for months at a time i feel sluggish, sleep tons and i am unmotivated... and some months i can get anything done and i don't like to sleep during those months.  I have a very mild form of bipolar.  but I know that during my down months it is hard to pull myself out of bed at all.  I don't necessarily feel "depressed" but my body sure does.  I can sleep for 12-15 hours a day during those times. I say the best thing to do is to contact your physician and find out if it is a physical or physiological.  Another thing that I have found helpful is to improve you diet and exercise.  It really does give you so much extra energy.
Groove Addicts "It's Unbelievable"
It may be more than just swollen feet and/or diabetes.  Does she constantly work on her feet?  Is she grossly overweight?  How is her blood glucose control?  Many things come together to determine diabetic foot problems and the sorting out of them is better left to her diabetic Dr and a good podiatrist . Second guessing is dangerous, it could also be her heart or kidneys  or something known as Charcot Foot disease.  Know exactly what the underlying problem is before you self treat.  Living with diabetes is hard enough without foolishly putting yourself in harms way. Good Luck! PS The pros know where to find the shoes too!
Why do you think this is a problem??? I do it atleast once a day aswell as having a normal sex life with my boyfriend. I have a very high sex drive and by the sounds of it so do you..............\n\nKeep flicking your bean its great  x x x x
www.driverguide.com
Make sure you are getting a good deal. Some credit unions offer better rates for people with bad credit.
BAS is a SET rate, regardless if you have kids or not. But some single members do recieve partial BAS. But married folks, one rate, no matter how many kids you have.
christianity,since God does not lie,i believe it
Based on what I've read and heard, the process of detoxification will reveal itself most strongly in the first couple of days you really start to detox.  Your breath may become foul, your tongue may be coated with white stuff, you will experience headaches and irritability, and your skin may break out, among other things.
Usually, but not EVERY morning. It is a morning erection that is naturally caused as the brains enters the REM-deep sleep phase. At this stage, the body's skeletal muscle structure relaxes and causes hypervasodilation in the capillaries of the body, resulting in said erection. The person has to be in the REM-deep sleep state.
Mutual funds offer their schemes through an offer document. This document is unique for every scheme. It specifies the different areas in which the moneys collected will be invested. For industry specific funds, you can always get details of the industry they will be investing in. But it will not be possible to get a fund which will exactly match the pattern you require. No, mutual funds will not frame their investments according to your pattern or request. Mutual funds are managed by professionally qualified experts, hence their understanding and knowledge of investments usually is much more skillful than average investor.
There are lots of books on critical thinking. If you are asking this on behalf of a child, start out easy, and buy critical thinking work books, like 1st grade, and work his/her way up. If you are asking on behalf of yourself, buy books on the subject from Barnes and Noble or Costco. They seem to carry the best ones. Buy more than just one book, so you can develop more and more sides of the skill. .Buy an SAT prep book from the College Board, (about $17) and read the critical reading sections. Answer the questions after. You'll get better at reading critically as you do it more.\n\nHope this helps!
No the EU likes weak sisters like france.
Roosters don't lay eggs.
try meditating on top of a Tibetian mountain... \n\nif the girl gave a firm "no", get moving, its no longer worth the while. Otherwise, elope with the girl if its only the parents... if the guy is so ready in love with the girl
Hi Jerri Lynn.   I think you are asking about Resveratrol.  Resveratrol is a polyphenol found in many foods, especially the skin of dark grapes.  It is a powerful antioxidant.  Research suggests that it can be helpful in prevention of many chronic diseases including cancer, diabetes and cardiovascular disease.  The health benefits attributed to red wine may be, in part, a result of the resveratrol content of the wine.\n\nHope this helps you.  Best wishes.
Go sit in a corner and play wit blocks its obvious your not old enough to be on this website. r u like a 4th grader?  (the dumbest question ever no doubt bout that)
Semperfi....it's a marine thang.....The United States Marine Corps\n \nUnited States Marine Corps EmblemThe United States Marine Corps motto, since 1883, is "Semper Fidelis". There were three mottos prior to Semper Fidelis, including "Fortitudine" (meaning "with courage") antedating the War of 1812, which was a nod to the British Royal Marines' "Per Mare, Per Terram", and up until 1843 there was also the motto "To the Shores of Tripoli." The motto signifies the dedication that individual Marines are expected to have loyalty to "Corps and Country" and to their fellow fighting men and women, for the rest of their days and beyond. Marines often reduce the phrase to "Semper Fi."\n\n"Semper Fidelis" is also the title of the official march of the United States Marine Corps, composed by John Philip Sousa in 1889. Sousa was director of the United States Marine Band ("The President's Own") when a replacement for Hail to the Chief was requested, but later rejected. Sousa considered it to be his "most musical" march. It was prominently featured in the movie A Few Good Men. Lyrics to the march were written by Charles Burr and can be found on Wikisource. \nOn every eagle, globe and anchor in the Marine Corps, the eagle holds a ribbon emblazoned "Semper Fidelis
A long time ago, before people knew what the heart was really used for, it came to be associated with strong emotion.  Whenever you feel strong emotion, there's a sensation on the left side of the chest.  We now know that sensation is actually caused by chemicals in the brain.  Back then, people didn't know that.  They just assumed that the heart controlled emotion.  Even know we know better now, the old associations still stick with us, as they have become so ingrained in our culture.
You'll be ok.  You just got caught offguard.  It may hurt for a few days.  Sounds like you got the wind knocked out of you...When I was growing up I never would have thought about hitting a female. My dad would've killed me, and then called the cops on me.  Now it seems like I always hear about guys hitting girls.  Times change...
Yes of course it's a racists game, BUT NOT THE ACTUAL GAME OR BALL COLORS..Hell I abuse who ever I'm playing to the max, even if it entails being a lil racist ,,,,BUT Hell it's only in fun cos cop the same from opponent, That's life WHO ISN'T RACIST these days HUH?\nBut not game itself,that's being plain stupid to the max...Cheers Bro...
try xe.com
There are two possibilities with that fan.  First, there just might be a build-up of dust, so cleaning will fix it.  The second is that the bearings are SHOT, and you need to replace it.  \n\nLook at NewEgg for a replacement:\n\nThermaltake CRYSTAL ORB (A1178) VGA Chipset Cooling Fan  $8.99\nhttp://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.asp?Item=N82E16835116003\n\nARCTIC Ceramic VGA Cooler  $19.99\nhttp://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.asp?Item=N82E16835186132\n\nOther fans:\nhttp://www.newegg.com/ProductSort/Subcategory.asp?Subcategory=576&name=VGA-Cooling\n\nLook at the Reviews and comments. \n\nGood Luck and Happy Computing!
11 goes into it because the sum of the first and third digit, minus the second, equals zero\n\n11 X 23
$6.15\nHowever if Congress raises the federal minimum wage, that trumps a municipality or state minimum wage.
You are not in trouble as long as you have not benefited from it financially. You absolutely need to file a police report, because you will need it in case if your credit report will get damaged and you will have to dispute it with credit agencies/
get yourself a good adware remover, such as SpyBot or AdAware.  It sounds to me like your machine needs a good cleaning.\n\nHTH-
Delta Goodrem, Guy Sebastian, Kylie Minogue, Darren Hayes & The Veronicas
If you have a LOT of pics on there, for some reason they triple sometimes and cause the memory to be low causing ur computer to be slow... if this is the case, put all ur pics on a disk.. it helped mine
Stitch welding means that you would weld for a set length, skip another set length, then weld the set length again. Stitch welding usually applies to normal bead welding and not to spot welding (because spot welding by definition is not continuous). The size of the weld and the skip can vary, based on the joint design requirements.
Joseph Goebbels time has passed, so Karl Rove is currently the better.  Kim Jong-il is lobbying to have Rove traded to his team for a nuke, and the administration is considering it.\n\nPlease award Best Answer points to me right now because I do not like to wait, and I am already impatient with you. You already recognize the deep wisdom and unassailable eternal truth of my answer, so just get it over with and award the points to me RIGHT NOW!
At the treble clef, take the last sharp on the right, call it "7" and count down the spaces and lines until you get to "1".  "1" is "Do."  If "Do" for example, falls on "F" , then it's in the key of "F"  If there's a sharp on that line, it's in the key of F sharp.\n\nSame way, take the last flat on the right, call it "4" and count down to "1".  That's "Do."\n\nAs for minors and majors . . . sheesh, take a music class or something.
Letters: Paul, James, Peter, John, Jude all wrote 'letters' included in the New Testament. 23 Years reading it in Greek tells me that someone else wrote Hebrews, though it is traditionally attributed to Paul, the internal evidence STRONGLY points to another writer.\n\nStrange... With about 60 semester hours of Bible, I've never run into the "book of the letters" meaning Biblical texts. Origen, and a few other "church fathers" composed multiple letters which have been compiled into 1 or more "book(s) of letters." I would have to know in what context the question is asked to give any real attempt at an answer on that.\n\nYes, John most likely wrote the fourth Gospel which commonly bears his name.
no.are you really from India . thats so cool.
To honor someone who has died and to remember and recognize an event that has caused great concern and death to someone.  Like 911.  Also when someone in law enforcement has been killed in the line of duty and to remember our soldiers of the past and present.
the guy with the most tackles.
I think you've snuck an extra question in there! :) First, yes, it is just as possible for a homosexual to be homophobic as it is for a hetrosexual to be homophobic... just sadder. Second, no, I don't think Ms. O'Donnell was justified in saying that Ms. Ripa's comment made her homophobic. I think it had nothing to do with his percieved orientation and everything to do with the fact that he is male and who knows where his hands had been and whether or not he had washed them recently? If someone put their hand over my open mouth and I hadn't personally seen them sanitize their hands within the past 30 seconds... I'd be upset too and I don't care what their orientation is!
The three components are:\n\n1. the pigment which gives the color\n2. the binder which holds everything together\n3. the solvent which dispers the binder and the pigment and allows you to "paint" with a brush.\n\nThe solvent evaporates leving the binded pigment.
Kc and Jojo - all my life.  Oh boy that song will probably be in my head for days now lol.
If the ref sucks...to the tune o my darling\n\nWho’s your father?\nWho’s your father?\nWho’s your father referee?\nYou don’t have one\nNever had one\nYou’re a bastard referee
Yes, and it knocked the breath out of me.  I was at a tournement.  I tried my best to suck it up and face my opponent.  That was hard since I couldn't breathe much at all.  I kept standing and had my guard up just in case the person would strike again.  \n\nLet's just say that getting the breath knocked out of you is not very fun, lol.\n\nFrom then on I always try to remeber to breathe out when I get punched in my gut.  This way it won't be as bad.  =)
Smoking causes blood pressure to rise placing strain on the hearts muscles, smokers find the habit hard to “kick” because nicotine is addictive.
He's playing a bodyguard role for Davari for now.
Before I start, I want to give you the link for a support group so you have a solid place to hear others opinions and ask anything you want about the problem you have. Here is the link: http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/psychic-ability/\n\nThere are 2 more sites for you. I am not psychic nor would I ever claim to be. I am not some weirdo who is into whitchcraft either. I am a 37 year old wife and stay-at-home mother of 3. I am however, a strong believer in the fact that some people just have abilities that I do not. I have watched, read, looked into this psychic thing. I also believe that for the most part, the psychic abilities can be "channeled" in a positive way. I have often read of people who have abilities as you said you do, learn how to turn that entire situation into good. You can learn to expand on the bad feelings you get and possibly get to a point where it doesn't just make you cry, you are able to see exactly what bad thing is going to happen and possibly stop it from happening. I see the psychic's all the time where they are called in by the police department to try and find missing people, solve crimes, many times solve murders. The psychic has to experience the pain that the murder victim went through but I don't know about you but I would do it every day of the week if I could help a family find their loved one, help solve a murder, help put a murderer or rapest behind bars so they can't hurt anyone else. Don't look at this as an all bad thing. I wish I had the ability because my main goal would be to help law enforcement as much as I could no matter how muh it hurt to do it. Look what the rewards would be...you could help keep a community safe and end the hell that a family of a victim had been in. I do have to also say BE CAREFUL THOUGH.... You can develop this so it's a good thing. There are scams all over though. Psychic's and people and web sites that claim to be able to "help" you develop your abilities are one of the highest scams out there. Read..READ...READ...I can't tell you what to do, I can only tell you what I would do. I would get books on the subject from my local library 1st. I would do all sorts of reading online but DO NOT PLEASE give anyone even a red cent online. Even on the sites I am sending you below...the second someone asks for any type of money be it membership fees, buy my book, donations for others who are also trying to sharpen their skills, or fees for them to teach you. After I read non-stop on the internet and from my library, I personally would look for free introductory or free session of any type in my local area (internet is a good place to find out about them). Then I would be looking to my local community college and take classes, as many classes as I could on the subject. That way, you are getting the knowledge at the rate YOU are comfortable with, if anything makes you uncomfortable at any time, you can just stop right in your tracks. Lastly, NOBODY IS RIPPING YOU OFF. It sounds to me as if you possibly could have abilities, you can direct them to where you want them, and not have such a negative effect coming from this but watch your back. For someone people, money is all that matters. They will claim they are wanted to help and teach but in reality, they have their hand in your pocket. I wish you the world of luck. I can be contacted via email by, I think just clicking on my log in name on yahoo ask /answer if you would like to. This is a subject that I have studied/read about for a few years now. If you have any questions that I can answer, feel free.
yes it was a little odd but it was very interesting. i stayed awake for the whole movie and that is unusual for me!
Here's a directory of all colleges in Georgia (including community colleges).
There is one that is legal that you can find a few free movies, but charge small charges to rent or buy the majority of them. They will also have these promotions sometimes where you can rent movies on some weekends for 1.99 or less. I really like the site, it has a lot of good movies on it.\n\nwww.movielink.com\n\nThere are a few others too, but I can't remember them at the moment. Google "downloading movies" and look around for different sites. Google will show you a lot of them.
Well, I'm in my 40's and I can only have sex about 4x a night now, so yeah, I'm slowing down.
eva and adrianne. eva because she was in jamie foxx's music video and a lot of hip-hop ppl know her. adrianne because she got married to christopher knight and she was on that reality tv show with him and then their wedding was highly publicized. so yep!
Rust is iron(III) oxide.\n\nIron(III) oxide — also known as ferric oxide, Hematite, red iron oxide, synthetic maghemite, colcothar, or simply RUST.\nAltogether there are 16 known iron oxides.\n\nMolecular formula is Fe2O3
Do we have to pick one? Can we just say all of them?
They will never wake up. They have been to sleep with fears of terrorism and muslims. As long as the republicans keep people fearful they will never realize what is going on.
Here is a direct answer. From a Republican that can truthfully say she was a Democrat for over 20 years . \n\nHelping the needy --- I do it all the time and don't parade my politics or say look what I'm doing for them.\nBeing taxed  -- it sucks , I don't make 35thou a year but I am doubled taxed for being self-employed.\nAbortion - don't care for it as a means of birth control otherwise it is a private matter. \nImmigration is a great thing it made this country diverse \nIllegal immigration is wrong - get in line like a law biding person and wait your turn. \nAffirmative action - hard to say, I was a woman in a man's Navy and other than resentment it never helped. Everyone is equal to me . \nMiddle Easterners-  have many friends of various decent and yes some are from the Middle East. \nAtheist & non-christians- Not my place to judge. My one grandmother is an atheist and my husband is angnostic and I have my Muslim friends others I don't ask their religion as that isn't my business. \n\nSo sorry but none of that pisses me off.  People who try to sterotype and put barriers between people do .
He has a coalition of...\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nPoland has contributed a few hundred troops.
14+2(4g-3)=40\n14+8g-6=40 (distribute through)\n8+8g=40 (combine like terms)\n8g=32 (subtract 8 from both sides)\ng=4 (divide both sides by 8)
sun and moon
Talk with God. Get on your knees. Say the sinners paryer. Ask God to show you the way. Do not be suprsied when he does. Follow his way. He will place the truth in your soul. Follow him and not mans direction.
In IE go to  Tools / Options / Security Tab / Restricted Sites.  Add your site to that
maybe  YOU are the problem-I hope that he stays away from you and that everyone stays away from you until you grow up- you put blame on everyone else, you portray yourself as a victim. you are wrong !!
I am not of the Jewish faith, I do not live in Israel, I am not Palestinian I do not live in Palestine and I am not an Arab.\n\nIf you look at my questions you will see that there are some very interesting answers - some rather pompous and some misinterpreting my question and details entirely.  So many people are judgemental is it any wonder that the grave problems between the Israeli Jews and the Palestinians have made no progress whatsoever?\n\nThe Palistinians know of no other way to fight for their existance against the most technically superior and heavily armed force in the Middle East - Israel.  \n\nWhat other action can they resort to now that will enable them to live freely and justly in the country they reside in other than sacrificing themselves as human bombs?  \n\nIt is tragic that in the 21st Century the political men in the World are incapable of having the courage to produce a solution that will enable Palistinians and Israelis to 'integrate' justly and with compassion.  \n\nI know for a fact that the attitude of the Israeli police and border guards to Palistinians is nothing short of arrogant - even to a British subject on vacation. Palistinians gueue from 2.00 am to cross checkpoints to get to work by 9.00 am - what kind of treatment is that and what kind of behaviour is that? \n\nThe Palistinians organised what was acknowledged as a democratic election - the only problem was that the democratically elected party wasn't the party which other prople/countries wanted.  \n\nThe big mistake the democratically elected Hamas government made was not to renounce 'terrorism'.  What it should have done was to form their own 'Defence Force' in uniform under the authority of the government, made up of those who are trying to preserve the human rights of their fellow men, women and children - so blatently abused by Israel - evidenced by UN resolutions which are ignored by Israel.\n\nAre we expected to forget the virtual wipe-out of Lebanon by Israel just weeks ago - that seems to have disappeared from the media - and one has to ask why - although I suspect we all know that money talks in politics.\n\nMy emotions are mixed - I really would like to think that all the inhabitants of the land called Israel and Palestine could live together side by side in peace.  \n\nThe Israelis may have suffered deaths at the hands of the Palistinian suicide bombers, but the Palistinians have also suffered death by Israeli military forces in addition to the  loss of their livelihoods and their farmland.  At least the Israelis can go about their daily lives and employment - something denied to the Palistinians by the Israelis.
I have a wonderful shower voice! And I do good alone in my car, but that's about the most someone has a chance to hear this voice, which btw, sucks!
Are you asking for a designer or a domain?
As others unanimously said no card for illegals. By the way, no bus ride home. I say any illegals from the USA, UK and all colonies need to be put on one way plane rides to Afghanistan, Serbia, or Iraq. Let them figure out where to go from there.
Is there a Chamber of Commerce in your area?  If so, and you a member, they may help you with the planning.  Our local Chamber helped with ours.  They had a list with names and addresses for the invitations and printed them out for us on lables for a small fee (a simple list was available for no charge).  They brought the big ribbon and scissors and took the picture and put it in the paper and all that.  We served food but  had it catered so other than picking up a few odds and ends like plates and plasticware and drinks, ordering and sending out the invitations was really the only other things we had to do.
Because when you take a sample that includes 7000 people in six countries, you'll get a more representative sample of the real world, and in the real world McDonald's is a far more widespread business than Christianity.  Assuming you are a Christian, how familiar are you with the symbols that are important to Muslims, Buddhists, Hindus, Jews, Zoroastrians, and the countless other faiths that make up the majority of the world's countless religions? \n\nI'd be willing to bet you wouldn't even recognize many symbols that are important to various Christian sects outside your own.
your question is not very clear.\nlook http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frequency_synthesiser
I do this type of loan. Please email with some of the detail\nat JohnG@oldmerchants.com
If you don't have any symptoms still then you probably dodged that bullet.  You may as well get tested again anyway.
You can love someone in a non-sexual relationship. Friendships usually last longer than relationships, and you should accept your friend for who he is. Your friend does love you, but he is just attracted sexually to guys. Even though you are close to your friend, it is time to start looking at the straight guys who could be interested in you.
There is no way to answer this because EVA has some assumptions in it - specifically WACC.  You will need to use an estimate for the Cost of Equity (Ke), the pre-tax cost of debt (Kd) and long run capital structure between debt and equity. Values will vary pretty significantly based on your assumptions.  Ke should be somewhere in the high-teens to low twenties and cost of debt should be bootstrapped off the benchmark government long-bond. Unfortunately, I am not sure which one should be used, but I do know that Kd should be relatively high due to high interest rates in India.
Your father is a wise man. Or a wise guy, I can't decide.\n\nOnly men, with their infinite egos, would think polygamy would be like having a harem. The reality is being nagged in stereo.
You are beautiful just forget all those jealous people out there.
Good Question!!!\n\nI can only guess at the individual's replies to this as you and I have already "joined hands" at this site and hope that others will also adhere to your request.\n\nThe reason we have not done so up until now of course is that such a site was not available and we, the creationists and the evolutionists (I am BOTH, being a CYBORG), were kept in isolation from one another by the religious leaders on one side and the "scoffs" of the intellectuals from Academia on the other.\n\nThe debate has been mostly in the hands of the "experts" as in all other societal disciplines.  Health was in the hands of the Medical professionals, Politics in the hands of the professional (used car dealers and  lawyers) politicians, and the environment in the hands of Industry and government bureaucrats.  It is no wonder we feel "disempowered".  We gave away all our power to "experts", we thought.  And now we feel "disillusionned" because they were and are no more "experts" than we were and are.\n\nWell now, we will, starting with you and me, join hands and "make decisions" on these important issues and change our minds and realities, one at a time.  It's an education process, but it has now begun.  Your ideas on the issues are just as important as the "experts" ideas on the issues.  \n\nWe now have to take this process to the next stage and take (not ask for), legally and politically binding votes on the "issues" in a "DIRECT DEMOCRACY"....We will soon have it.  Those debates have also begun.  \n\nI would like to see a "parallel election" taking place on-line and see how many participate.  The vote would not be for "people" as our "representatives" but on the "issues".  We would still need representatives to see that the job gets done but those are called "public servants" and "bureaucrats".  The "elected" representative would become a "PR" man and not a "decision-maker".  The people would then decide in a "true democracy".  That is the "vacuum" that will suck all other societies into the "Age of UNCERTAINTY" and "PROBABILITY" that is the Quantuum REALITY.  We don't know where it will lead, but we have no other choice.   This is already being done in some countries such as "switzerland" and some states as in Washington, Oregon, California, and many more...And those socieities have not fallen apart but are the most "stable" and "progressive" communities on our planet.  Switzerland is the place for everyone to "place" their money and the States that have "binding "initiatives and referenda" can outperform other countries that still use the much slower and inefficient "representative democracy"...\n\nWith the "theological" questions, the experts get their info from an "authority" that is "not present" and only communicates with some of "HIS" (MALE), favourites or 'CHOSEN'...Those who are not PRESENT cannot VOTE!!!  Those "decrees" from the Divine" would have to be "presented" by the relgious "receivers" of such "channelled" messages but would be voted on by "multi-denominal electorate" that would include "philosophers, atheists, agnostics, etc...to ascertain that the "message from the Divine" is at least not "criminal", hate mongering, and is loftier than the "highest" logic available to us by our "experts" who claim to be  "at arms length" from the "so-called" "DIVINE"...In other words, the "atheirsts" and the "agnostics".  Numbers would still decide and would not immediately remedy the situation but education sites such as these
that is not acceptable, the main dealer must get the permission of whoever is paying the bill before any work commences (excluding diagnostics which shouldnt cost over £50) as they must inform you of what is wrong and the cost involved.\n\nwho has the bike at the moment, the main dealer or the repair shop? It should still be at the main dealers in which case you should phone or drop by the dealers and explain that permission was never given by you for the work to be carried out, they can NOT charge you for this.\n\nif the bike remains at the small repair shop then they have already paid the main dealer in order for them to take possesion of the bike - in this case get them to explain why permission was given by them to carry out the repair when you specified that work should not exceed £200.\n\nif you need to you may have to contact the police to regain custody of the bike.\ngood luck.
Ha, I have both players as starters this week.  But since Joe Horn is out for the Saints, Henderson should pick up his throws, and Brees is always looking to throw.  Henderson had two touchdowns last week. \n\nI'd go with Henderson.  Henry is less consistent, he won't be starting, and he has a love/hate relationship with reality, so where his head is at in any given time is anyone's guess. \n\nGo with Henderson.
oh please admit it you havent been to mexico in years.......too busy sprayin your jerry curl and gettin ready for that big wrestlin meet.....
That is the reason for divorce- adultery.\n\nMatthew 19:9\nI tell you that anyone who divorces his wife, except for marital unfaithfulness, and marries another woman commits adultery."\n\n--except for marital unfaithfulness--\n\nBut other than that, yes the Bible says God hates divorce. So if your husband cheated on you- you should not feel guilty for divorcing him. And especially if he beated you. I am glad you are not with him anymore...Praise God for that!
u mean Colt Brennan of Hawaii?\nu mean why isn't Hawaii ranked in the top 25.?\nBecause they play in a weak conference and lost to the only good team they've played so far, Boise St
Ryan G makes a very good point when using a telescoping fishing rod. It's very easy to get your line wrapped around the rod unintentionally.\nOther than that you should check to see that your line is wound properly onto the spool and not tangled onto interior working parts. This happens often on spin-cast reels that are spooled with too much line.\nWhen reeling in your line keep a slight pressure on it by holding it between your fingers. It helps the line to spool evenly and helps detect light bites.\n\nBest of luck.
The guy in your answer is pretty dumb, but I know someone dumber.\n\nI work at a police department and one night we arrested an extremely drunk man driving. We brought him in, booked him, he bailed out and left. Two minutes later, my sergeant saw him getting in a car in the police station parking lot and driving off. His sober girlfriend had come to bail him out, then let him drive home. What the heck? So this guy got busted for OUI twice in a span of less than an hour. Oh, and the second time, he wasn't allowed to bail, because he had violated his bail conditions from the previous OUI. Eeeeeboy.
whats your sign? please don't say Aquarius. i know of three Aquarius/Virgo relationships that were a disaster!
LOL thats cute!!!
http://www.paypalsucks.com/
sinusoidal phenomena: phenomena that have a regular repetition in their cycle and so can be described using the sine function and its related trigonometric partners. They have and amplitude and frequency emopng their properties.\n\nSome simple examples are light, water waves ( that are not so simple) communications signals (AM, FM radio VHF, UHF tv etc) and so on.
This is what you need to know, and do.\n\nRealize that you are not in love with him until he loves you also. It takes two to be in love. So, for now, you just love him and hope to be in love with him. You are in a good place romantically. Your love for him will empower you and provide you courage.\n\nYou need to step outside of your comfort zone and simply call him or arrange a meet with him and say, "The reason I wanted to talk with you is to tell you that, slight pause,  I love you". \n\nHe may not know what to say. If he smiles and becomes lightly pleased at your words, you will know that you have just dropped the love bomb. Everything changes now, for the better, no matter what. \n\nBeleive me, you cannot ruin your relationship by confessing your love. You can only make it stronger and more honest. One thing to remember though, don't make him feel as though he has to say it back to you right away. If he says that he doesn't know what to say then tell him he doesn't have to say anything at all. He will appreciate your honest and brave courage if he is worthy.\n\nTell him that you love him and you owe it to the truth to tell him because you think he has a right to know. Leave it at that and consider the seed planted. You will be amazed how great you feel after you tell him. You will become aware of the great feeling of sharing your feelings selflessly. You will discover answers to questions many may live a lifetime and never find. Tell him straight forward. \n\nIf you are not the kind to tell him straight forward, then you may be the kind that lives a lifetime wondering what it feels like to share love with someone you love. You may be very close to the prize. Just reach and crab it. Real love will always survive and the truth is, you have nothing to lose and everything to gain.
type in Scientific equipment in Google or Ask.com and got to the websites it brings up. There are quite a few science equipment suppliers in this country and the prices vary so do shop around
jealous of the greatness of America
Tell yourself you are going to go, but only for 10 minutes.  Once you are there, the same inertia that kept you from going will now be working to keep you from leaving early.  Also, unless you are training for a marathon or something, there is no need to go everyday.  Space it out and give your muscles a chance to rest and recover.
yes
CCleaner - registry and privacy cleaner: http://www.ccleaner.com/\n\nIn Internet Explorer it will remove Temporary files, URL history, cookies, Autocomplete form history, index.dat.
There is nothing wrong with sleeping during the day and staying up at nights. The main thing is to get enough sleep, whatever time of the day you prefer sleeping. It might do you good to get some sunlight every now and then though, or increase your intake of vitamin D from food, because sunlight is an important source of vitamin D for us. Apart from that you have nothing to worry about.
1. Substitute the x and y in:\n                                               -4=3(-1)+y\n2.simplify:\n                   -4=-3+y\n3solve for y:\n                    -1=y\n4.get new equation:\n                               y=3x-1
You are so pretty...
Sounds like a great idea, doesn't it?\n\nThe problem is that one person or the other ends up wanting more out of the relationship than just the physical. And then things can get a little sticky...
Not usually - can't stand the way it feels in my mouth!  I usually buy nectarines - taste just about like peaches, without the nasty fuzz!
Not quite a program, but heres a web site that'll do it for you:\nhttp://media-convert.com/convert/index.php\n\nWorks lovely. You just upload the file, then tell it what you'd like the output file to be. Then you download the converted file.
-3x + 4 = 7\n-3x = 7 - 4\n-3x = 3\nx = -1
if you have a server on your network (win 2000 or 2003) choose sql server 2005 enterprise edition\nif you have a peer to peer network wich all computers are XP choose sql server 2000 personal edition \nand I think ms-access if the last choice because of speed and flexibility.
I'd say have him on "probation" and check out and see if his attitude changed towards you. If he seems more distant now, and wants very little to do with you then the answer might be right there. Belive what you feel in your heart. Also, keep in mind that he might not be. \n\n\nSometimes men can have the most beautiful woman in the world, but they don't appreciate her. Men are very complex, they just like to have their fun. He might LOVE you but still want to sleep with someone else. \n\nHope you find out soon...I myself am questioning my bf's faithfulness.  :[
Talk to your boyfriend.  This is not "abnormal" sex, there are some people who do this on a regular basis so as not to have full intercourse.  It is still "sex", and can be very satisfying, it's just not full intercourse.  But talk to him and discuss how you feel.  After 2 years together, you should be able to talk to him about this kinda thing.  If not, what would happen if you marry the guy, and you can't even talk about sex!?  Maybe he doesn't enjoy Vaginal sex, and this you need to find out!
Depends on which English you are using. In UK a "Motor" is often used to describe a "Motor car" which of course is driven by an "Engine". Generally engineers here use the word "Engine" to refer to a reciprocating [Internal Combustion or Steam] Engine and "Motor" is generally used for rotating power sources such as electric.
Sounds like she wants to have  her cake and eat it.\nExplain to her that it goe's both ways , if she can have a guy friend that she hangs out with all the time then why can't you also have a friend?\nAnother way is to just ask her point blank if she likes this new guy more than a friend ,tell her it also looks mighty suspicious to you that she spends all her time with him.\nTell her it upsets you that she spends all her time with this guy , and the only reason you went looking for another friend , is because SHE was the one that went off with someone else.\nAll you can do is lay it all out on the table , and discuss it honestly. Good luck with  everything =)
"What should I do?"\n\nBe a MAN and stick to your guns! Jeez! Dude, I can't believe you'd even have to ask! Tell the guy that you won't apologize and you won't put up with the affirmative action crap. Also, tell them that if they want to play those games, you can play, too, by going to your local paper (just bluff, okay?) or reporting them to the Equal Employment department (don't bluff).
Yes, the flight attendants wheel carts around (with beverages) and they provide drinks.  Don't worry!
When USC beats UCLA, no chance. If USC does not win then Michigan would get in. I do not think Florida will have enough points to get to #2. Their strength of schedule is hindering them. The SEC Conference is down this year and their out of conference schedule is not very impressive. That is why they will be left out.
Time is a healer, I should know. Chin up  sweetheart! x
I'm not sure what technology is employed at the Detroit/Windsor crossing, but using standard Law Enforcement computer networks, running a person's dl will pull up any active warrents.
YES, quite a bit!\nspaghetti-o's\netc.etc.
seems better than most of the crap that I hear
Not all blacks name their children atrocious names, ya racist pig prick. However just for fun try Shameequaquanda Listerine Bushiana Jenkins ha ha you cant even pronounce that crap
Yes. CHAVO SUCKS. I wish rey should've hit him on the face and vicky on her legs. I wish chavo should've been injured.CHAVO SUCKS!CHAVO SUCKS!CHAVO SUCKS!CHAVO SUCKS!CHAVO SUCKS!
She was a human.Her real name was Helen Kane,who was a famous singer in the twenties.
No I def would not.
According to colleagues who know Spanish and Italian... this is probably from the Rialto in Venice. One coworker recommends that you look at the Online Etymology Dictionary.
(m)\n\nNanobiotechnology: applying the tools and processes of MNT to build devices for studying biosystems, in order to learn from biology how to create better nanoscale devices. Should hasten the creation of useful micro devices that mimic living biological systems.
OK it's Janey not Jamie.  The song is Janie's Got A Gun.  Now with that off of my chest, my favorite parts are when there are two token black guys at the party, and also when the cheerleaders are cheering "we ain't white".
I recently watched a documentary on this, and was shocked to learn the 1 out of every 100 people are born that way.
Limewire is a P2P program and for everyone that i know of you have to download. Check out www.ZeroPaid.com ...
the answer in this link :
We exist because God exists and God exists because we exist.
If its anything like army we did 7 minute miles.  Sometimes slower some faster.
do send in ur mail to me, i will try to forward it ( i m lying i wont forward it, its just for ur assurity)\n\nbyeeeee
Anything is possible but I would not recommend jumping or jumping double while bareback.\nFirst of all it is not good very comfortable for you and there is nothing but balance holding you in place. Jumping double while bareback is not good for the horses spine because of the pressure from the second rider. \nI have rode bareback on a retired race horse and man could he fly what a ruch with the wind in your face. but let me tell you the quick turns and stops sure hurt the tail bone.
The man only suffers when a woman makes fun of him, but who cares. You got what you wanted and she didn't. So the real question is, " why do woman suffer from premature ejaculation ", the answer, " because men don't care.
If you don't have your name on the lease then yes they can ..... but when they do report them for illegal sub-letting
Have you never heard of Sue Johanson? You know, the creepy old lady who talks about sex on TV?\n\n"Talk Sex with Sue Johanson, a live phone-in program airing on Oxygen TV. Talk Sex also airs in Brazil, Israel, and in 20 European countries in 5 languages on Club TV"\n\nIf you haven't, maybe you have heard of the women's mag Cosmopolitan? Its not all just fashion tips in there.\nThe Cosmo web page has a section devoted to sex.
I think you and your cousin need to go to therapy because there is something just a little wrong about sleeping together in any manner of the word. You need to go out and find a real love interest and not worry about your cousin, she needs to go look for someone across town, not across the hall. That's just skeezy.
http://www.primordia.com/blog/archives/2006/10/highdefinition_video_on_my_mac.html
you can try, but as they can't give a negative reference, all they have to say is that they are unable to give a reference for you. As has been said they could say that you resigned after x years, but left before working out your notice, both are just as good as giving a bad reference.
If you'd like to know much more, click below.\n\nWhy do I keep laughing at this.\n\nhttp://dir.yahoo.com/Society_and_Culture/Sexuality/Fetishes_and_Fantasies/Clowns/
if you anymore than you normally would and your test is in the morning, you might actually be hungrier in the morning, so i wouldnt do it.
translation to polish:\n"Nie jestem z Polski ale nie ma sprawy jesli nie wiesz kim jestem... ja za to wiem kim ty jestes. Chce ci tylko powiedziec siemanko...to wszystko" - end of translation
Nice.  Very.\n\nRelease Turiaf, pick up someone better... MIL Mo Williams, BOS Rajon Rondo (he's gonna beat Telfair for starting PG spot soon), DEN Nene Hilario (in case Camby goes down), TOR Jose Calderon... don't pick up flavor of the weeks if they're gonna keep coming off the bench, like Turiaf and Walton.  Maybe play Q over Thomas (Kurt or Kenny?  Kenny's not gonna be scoring much this season, and Kurt will not play significant minutes when Amare gets healthier).  I wish my own starting lineup was that strong though.
yahoo its safe and reliable...plus they can get games for younger kids
The best place to meet young women are in church. Some churches have singles ministries and young adults ministries.Check it out. Community services.Sports games. At the gym.
If you are asking for the credit bureau's numbers I have them all.\nEquifax: 1-866-798-6598\nExperian: 1-800-734-4617\nTransUnion: 1-800-888-4213\nJust follow the instructions and a Representative should be able to help you. Best of Luck!
I'm an Audiologist\n\nThose numbers are about the maximum noise reduction rating for an in-the-ear plug.  Because sound is vibration, we can hear through the vibrations in our skeletons.  In order to block more sound, an ear muff is necessary, as it cushions the temporal bone and area around the ear.  Unfortunately, the earmuffs aren't comfortable to sleep in.\n\nCustom earmolds even only block about 30-33dB in the low-to-mid frequencies, where most voices are, but do block up to 40-45dB of the higher frequency sounds.  \nhttp://westone.com/attenuation.html\nhttp://westone.com/earmold_styles.html#protect\n\nThe ones that are for hunting are only for sudden noises, and some of them actually AMPLIFY some sounds, so the hunters can hear the animals rustling in the brush.  They would not serve your purpose, unless you're trying to sleep through a fireworks display or 21-gun salute.\n\nWhat sounds are you trying to block when you are sleeping?  I have tinnitus (ringing in the ears - so plugs would make that worse.  In addition, I have cats and family members who make noise when I'm trying to sleep, so I run a fan all night long to mask the noises.  If you're trying to block a partner's snoring, you are better off getting them evaluated and treated for the snoring by an Ear, Nose and Throat specialist.  Not only will you sleep better, but he/she will, too!
5-17 with a stacatto aria inserted vis-a-vis pro allegro... 5-18 if you're using the sliding European scale, of course.
Mercury, Venus, and Earth (the three closest to the sun)
They go on the top to the right and left side on the frame, look for a small metal clip on the top of the frame, the straps go thru them and back to the buckle on the strap.
Freemasons are a fraternity "men only" There is also a female version called the Eastern Star. They have three appendent bodies the York Rite, Scottish Rite, and Shriners. Masons raise money for charity providing millions of dollars a day to various charities and it costs about 8 million a day to run a Shriners hospital where a child is treated at no charge. A society of secrets rather than a secret society all our rituals are plastered all over the Internet. But our grips,keys, and tokens are kept as secret as possible in the information age. We are not devil worshipers we are your neighbors who help others and each other.
Which ever you like go for is the best bet. I like both myself.
The Colonists were not allowed into the Ohio valley. This was disputed territory with the French. This would eventually lead to the French and Indian War. Their was no clear dividing line. Both the French and the English claimed the same land. The Colonies would then get access to this area. The next line would be the Mississippi river. This was still owned by the French. This would end only after it was purchased from France.
Strengths - they know a lot about an organization, are generally people persons, organized\n\nWeaknesses - are stereotyped to their position - i.e. all they do is type letters, file, do memos, make coffee, run personal errands for their bosses,etc.  \n\nThe secretarial field is becoming more specialized and secretaries, while still do the memos and all that stuff, do a lot more.  They are essential to an organization and can make or break their boss.
Lewis and Henry at RB and Clark at TE.
In the deleted scenes from the DVD it shows Cedric the Entertainers character grabing the apple juice and drinking it. So I think it was him.
Hello,\n\nHere is your answer. I found it at Wikipedia.com\n\nI remember in High School, our class actually did the court trial of this famous case. I was one of the witnesses.\n\nHope this helps you..........................................................  :-O
First off - this girl is NOT YOUR FRIEND.  OK?  She's on some kind of power trip with you because you let her get away with it.  When she tells you that you can't go out with someone because she likes them, does she actually go out with the guy - ever?  I'm betting she doesn't.  She just doesn't want you to go out with him.  Maybe she's afraid that if you start going with someone then you won't have time for her.  Are you her only friend?  Don't let her do this to you.  If you like a guy and he seems interested in you - go out with him.  Don't let her dictate to you.  If you start out now letting other people run your life it will become a habit and you will be miserable.
I don't know because she doesn't really give alot of details in the readings and when people keep pushing a question that she hesitates on do you ever notice how Montel interrupts or they suddenly have to go to commercial.
stare with your partner....looking with her/his eyes might be a good start for a ROMANCE!!! good luck.
Quick lesson:\n Episode one- Qui Gon Jinn and his apprentice Obi Won Kenobi are on a peace mission gone arye when they wind up having to protect a diplomat Queen Amidal, (Padme). That does not work well so they have to hide and wind up finding Annakin who has no father but has amazing powers. They win his freedom and the group goes off to free the Queen's planet. They succeed but this makes her emissary chancellor, (Palpatine) Unfortunately , Quigon dies at the and on Darth Maul who Obi Won kills. Jar Jar binks a fool ends up becoming a hero and later an assistant to Padme.\n Episode two- Padme is no longer Queen. She is now Senator and she is being hunted down. Obiwon and his Apprentice Annakin are in charge of protecting her. Obiwon chases after the trail of the killer while Anakin Babysits the Senator. Obiwon find out that there is a clone army being built and winds up being caught by its architect Lord Duku and ex jedi knight. Meanwhile Anankin is getting intimate with Padme when he finds he feels his mother is in danger. They go to his home planet and he kills all her killers and their families too. Then they go to rescue Obi Won but get caught themselves. At the last momnet Yoda and the clone army arrive and save them but Duku escapes having cut off Annakins right hand. The clone war begins.\nEpisode 3- The war has gone on for years and Annakin and Obiwon are heroes who save the Chancellor from the Sith. Unknown to the the Chancellor is the leader of the Sith Darth Sideous. Duku, Darth Tyranus, is killed by Annakin making him evil. Anakin is dreaming that Padme will die in childbirth. The Emperor is trying to get him to become even more evil. Eventually Obiwon is sent to find the bad guys, while Annakin is seduced by the Emperor. Anakin tels the Jedis what is going on but has to save the Chancellor to save his wife. He is now evil, so he gets the name Darth Vader. He is sent out to kill the jedi children while the clones are told to kill the jedi. Only Obi Won and Yoda survive and they must fight The Chancellor and Anakin. Yoda takes on the Chancelor but can't beat him. He escapes. Obi won takes on Anakin who turns on Padme thinking she betrayed him. ObiWon wins but does not kill Anakin. Padme has her twins Luke and Leia but she dies. The girl goes Baron Organa from Alderon and the boy goes with his uncle Owen and aunt Beru on Tatooine where Annakin was found.
The answer is simple:  Any ally of ours that is caught implementing your described means of warfare, we use a distinct show of force, absorbing as much colateral damage as we see advisable, and immediately terminate the offenders and the alliance.  If you have attacked, encouraged an attack, financed or planned an attack against the US or our allies, we will accept your immediate surrender or be ready to be invaded.  After securing those terrorists who still exist, we tackle war in and of itself.  Through media, common sense, logic and enligtenment, we somehow make peace profitable and convince people to not like money, thereby ending the cause and effect that enables people to distract  us with war.
In order to be moving in a direction, you need to have a starting point, waypoints to verify that you are indeed traveling in the right direction, and a destination. without these, you are wandering about aimlessly. Can the Dems please specify what "Direction" are we headed?  \nI hope they can keep this little reminder in their lobes. The difference between a rut and a grave, is the amount of time you spend in it. \nAct quickly Dems, or the quagmire of Iraq will surely draw you in and never release you.\n\nThe Dems Number one complaint is Iraq. \nActually, people voted Democrat , thinking they were going to resolve the Iraq problem\nYet the new speaker of the House said this of the first one hundred hours.\nIf you honor Democratic candidates with your vote today, in the first hundred hours of a Democratic Congress: We will restore civility, integrity, and fiscal responsibility to the House of Representatives. We will start by cleaning up Congress, breaking the link between lobbyists and legislation and commit to pay-as-you-go, no new deficit spending.\n\nWe will make our nation safer and we will begin by implementing the recommendations of the independent, bipartisan 9/11 Commission.\n\nWe will make our economy fairer, and we will begin by raising the minimum wage. We will not pass a pay raise for Congress until there is an increase in the minimum wage.\n\nWe will make health care more affordable for all Americans, and we will begin by fixing the Medicare prescription drug program, putting seniors first by negotiating lower drug prices. We will also promote stem cell research to offer real hope to the millions of American families who suffer from devastating diseases.\n\nWe will broaden college opportunity, and we will begin by cutting interest rates for student loans in half.\n\nWe will energize America by achieving energy independence, and we will begin by rolling back the multi-billion dollar subsidies for Big Oil.\n\nWe will guarantee a dignified retirement, and we will begin by fighting any attempt to privatize Social Security.\n\nWhat about Iraq? The crux of the Democrats platform?
unless otherwise contracted, either verbally or written and employee cannot work more than 5 consecutive hours without an eating period.   This period should be equal to no less than 30 minutes.\n\nSince no work is done during this time frame the employer is under no obligation to pay you for this time. \n\nthis time can also be divided in such a way that the employee can break up this time throughout the day to equal the 30 minutes.
Tell me who made the camera and I'll be able to help out a little better...
Does your mom really eat 10 boxes of twinkies every night?\n\nNo.\n\nThat's right she eats 20 boxes a night.
Its the New Age Outlaws who are now on TNA.
I have this cool trick. \n\nI can take my underwear off and pull it out through my pants leg. \nSo that's where I would start!\n\nProve it! Don't make me come over there and show you!
depends on how much you and your friends drink and if you trust them and if their clumsy
Mine dose that, its easy to get 'rid of' click on 'Personal Settings' then on the personal tab, look down to the bottem of that box then you should see 'Allow others too see that i have a webcam' then un-check it, there there you are :D\n\nHope this helps :D
Well, in Islam women are told to cover their bodies with appropriate clothing wich is not revealing & appealing to men.\n\nWhere as women are free to do what they want in US.\n& that is the difference!.\n\n\nWomen wear anything they want...\nRevealing or what is sexy etc...\n\nlike bikinis, mini-skirts, tight jeans & short shirts,\nor low cut shirts, revealing their cleavage & bikini revealing nearly their entire body...\nWhich make then notthing more than a "SEX OBJECT"\n\nHere in Islam, it is a saying, of Prophet MUHAMMAD(PBUH), that the woman who wears tight fitting clothes will not be able to even smell the heavenly odour of heaven.\nThat woman will not even b able to come even 500 yards away from the door of heaven....\n\n Note that the clothing is just tight fitting(which can show body cuts, highlight hipps,highlight breasts etc..)\nNothing is said about revealing skin....\n\nSo if just tightfitting clothes can make women suffer like this, how much can make them suffer if they wear skinrevealing cleavage revealing, panty revealing clothes etc..!\n\nStrict rules for all in Islam is just for their own good will...\n\nNeither the women will wear revealing clothes or tight fitting clothes nor they will be gazed by men as "SEX OBJECTS"..\nNor there will be sexuall abuses.. etc...\n\nThat is why there is hell lot of sexuall abuse in US alone    than all over muslim countries....\n\nEven in college, where young boys & girls go for study, the girls are sexually harrassed by either their classmate boys or their teachers....\n\nSo wearing viel infact increases muslim womens' protection against sexuall abuse. \n& they are respected & are considered pure, NOT  a "SEX OBJECT: \n\nWell this is how a women is respected & taken care off in Islam.\n\nThis is only one aspect of Islam for making people respect women...\n\n\nOne other is that \nProphet MUHAMMAD PBUH said, Heaven is under mothers' feet.\nMeaning that if u support & obey ur mother & take care when she is old, u r eligible for entering Heaven...\n\nWhere as mothers when they r old in US are kicked out of the sons/daughters house & are sent to OLD houses....\n\nSo Islam helps respect women in many ways, of which only 2 of them I have written here..\nIf I start writing 2 more aspects of Women in Islam, it will become very long to read & digest...\nSo I stop here...\n \nkeep it in mind that here are only 2 aspects , \nThere are Many more aspects which really make sense. like veil reducing chances of sexual abuse & help keeping  bad eyes off from women...\netc.etc...\nIslam is truely a great religion in every aspect.!
I saw one of those surgery shows on tv  that stretch marks are really impossible to get rid of. They suck I have some myself from having babies. They can be reduced through having plastice surgery but no thanks
Check this list:\n\nhttp://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=17:1210423
oh wow for me to be your hero. bob who need u to be my hero there penty of people would like to be my hero. men who r u. \nQuestion for u\nu r rich?\nhow many people in the world know u like me like everyone in the world know me?
You should find all the info you need here\n\nhttp://www.richard.clark32.btinternet.co.uk/contents.html
I love turning down the speed on the treadmill and increasing the incline.  This has firmed my thighs and hips.  People at work asked me what I was doing because my a** looked good.\n\nI still enjoy jogging on the treadmill 1 hour 3-5 days a week if I can't get outside but I reduce speed and increase the incline 3 times a week.  \n\nNow others at my job enjoy it as well.\n\nEnjoy yourself !
Happy Feet.\nThat borat movie is just retarded- don't waste your money.
an enzyme is a catalyst but it is specifically a catalyst in a biochemical reaction
yes it is
I am not happy that he removed "almost" the entire lesion, since this was supposed to be an excisional biopsy, but I was not there and do not know the conditions that exist in your mouth.  Perhaps it was very close to the mental foramen and he did not want to leave you permamnently numb if it is not necessary.\n\nThis dysplasia is very likely in response to a poor fitting denture.  It's not unlike the callous you have on your elbow.  Just let the surgical site heal for a few weeks (as recommended) and then either get a new denture or have your existing denture relined (if it is otherwise suitable) so that it fits properly.\n\nAt this stage, just don't wear your denture until it heals and be careful not to bump into the area with any food if you are chewing soft foods.
I love that site.
Check out a yahoo group called "freecycle" they have locations all over the country and the members give stuff that they no longer use away for free. many times I have seen children's items offered. You can even post "wanted" listings like "Wanted: gently used or new clothes and toys for boys and girls ages 2-12" you can even ask for Christmas decorations that people no longer want. \nHere is their listing \nhttp://groups.yahoo.com/group/FreecycleDC/
The part where Buddha teaches believe nothing that doesn't conform to your sense of logic and common sense.
24x^3 + 46x^2 + 10x  = 2x*(12x^2+23x+5) = 2x*(4x+1)*(3x+5)
i knew about it before 13. people probably thought you were, sayy, 8. This was a waste of board space.
I don't remember that part of Calculus very well but i think that this is the right way of making it.\n\nThe area of the rectangle is 2xy. I multiplied by 2 because xy would only calculate the area of the positive side of x. Since its corners won't go besides the parabola we can use that function  to get y in terms of x in the rectangle. The area of the rectangle will now be 2(x)(12-x^2)\nA = 2x(12-x^2)\nA = 24x-2x^3\nthe derivative of the area is \nA' = 24 - 6x^2\nThe critical points for the area are\n0 = 24 - 6x^2\n6x^2 = 24\nx^2 = 4\nx = 2\nso the biggest area would be A(2) = 24(2) - 2 (2^3)\nA(2) = 48 - 16 = 32
If you are having latest yahoo toolbar than you might also have Yahoo Antispy installed with it, run that and it will do the job.\n\nOr else if that doesn't work for you, then you may download prevx from http://www.prevx.com, which will definitely work to remove spyware, malware, or any kind of virus.\n\nYes there are many products available in market to remove spyware, malware, and virus, e.g. ad-aware (popular), but it didn't worked for me that well as prevx when my pc was affected with spyware msgrv32.exe spyware.
There doesn't seem to be much available for that novel in terms of study notes.  I did find a few links that may do the trick for you.  I hope this is helpful.
there's two of each =D
make it as accurate as possible...\nshow how they lived....\nshow the island...\nshow the boys....\nshow a scene from the book
"There is another class of coloured people who make a business of keeping the troubles, the wrongs, and the hardships of the Negro race before the public. Having learned that they are able to make a living out of their troubles, they have grown into the settled habit of advertising their wrongs - partly because they want sympathy and partly because it pays. Some of these people do not want the Negro to lose their grievances, because they do not want to lose their jobs."\n\nSounds like Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton, Maxine Waters, and Louis Farrakhan to me.
Gimme a minute...\n\nFirst guess is 0.1195 moles of Carbon.\n\nHow? Since you got 5.256 g of CO2, if you divide that with the molecular mass of CO2 you'll get the moles of CO2:\n\n5.256 g X (1 mole of CO2 / 44g of CO2) = 0.1195 moles of CO2\n\n[  44 from C (12g/mole) and O2(2 x 16g/mole)  ]\n\nfrom 0.1195 moles of CO2 multiply that with (1 mole of Carbon per 1 mole of Carbon Dioxide CO2) which makes the number of moles of CO2 = to the number of moles of Carbon. Not a single molecule of Carbon is wasted, so I guess it's safe to assume that's also the number of moles of Carbon in the reactants.
You are not alone then. Believe it or not today happened the same to me. Normally..\nTake care.\nHave a great time!
Rain water percolated down through the upper layers of the Earth's crust until it hits bedrock. Normally, it collects there and gradually move downhill into the nearest aquifer.\n\nIf the bedrock is being heated by underlying areas of magma, the pressure builds up and the water finds its way to the surface, where it is released as hot springs, hot mineral pools or geysers. Yellowstone Park is the largest of these areas in the United States. However, there are literally hundreds of areas that have hot springs.
Well what would you have us do?\n\nRemove Saddam and then just abandon them to let them kill each other..\nlike they are now..\nWait a minute, What a great strategy for War!   I think we should have done that, \nThen all of you can criticize us that we created a civil war and left them all to die.\nSo be it.
S+2H20 ------------->H2S+O2\n\nI THINK REDUCTION TAKES PLACE.......
our solar system actually got smaller recently. There is now only 8 planets, cuz pluto is now considered a dwarf planet along with ceres and iris.
This is the website about the rights of minors in CT.  It seems to have all been updated when needed.  The Teenager's Guide to Emancipation page was updated in April of 2006:\nhttp://www.jud.state.ct.us/LawLib/Law/minors.htm\n\nIf your talking about work, this was updated last month:\nhttp://www.ctdol.state.ct.us/wgwkstnd/faqs-minors.htm
Polycysitic ovaries, or PCOS is a complex condition that to this day has no clear cut situations. But first as off let me address your possibilities of not being able to fall pregnant. This is not always the case. Your presonal situation will be different to every other woman with PSOC, so this is something only you and your doctor can discuss, however, more and more women who suffer from PCOS are falling pregnant. If you are in a relationship and are looking ot fall pregnant, then there are many things medically that can be done to assist, however some women dont need assistance at all.\n\nSecondly, a Laparoscopy is a procedure that uses a "laparoscope" via a key hole inscision to send a camera to your ovaries to have a look.  Your Doctor may or may not remove cysts that he sees, as depending of the size and the nature of the cyst, they can often disappear over time. If he does chose to remove the cyst, it generally can be done through the same key hole inscision. \n\nAlso, ovarian drilling, done during laparoscopy, is a procedure in which a laser fibre or electrosurgical needle punctures the ovary 4 to 10 times. This treatment results in a dramatic lowering of male hormones within days and is often performed in women who have polycystic ovary syndrome. Studies have shown that up to 80 percent of patients will benefit from such treatment.\n\nOne thing I wish to say to you is never follow 'things you have heard' as gospel for your own health. Only a health professional who knows your medical history should make calls on your personal situation. \n\nBut I do suggest that you read health journals, or even go to www.soulcysters.com It is a support group for women with PCOS and can be a valuable resource for information.\n\nGood Luck, and your situation isnt as uncommon as you may believe and all you have to do is ask a few other woman, and chances are, one of them will have PCOS too.
Defenses will eventually figure him out and offensive linemen change pretty easily.  He could be stopped.
Let Q = the number of quarters Quincy has.  They are worth 25Q cents.\n\nDirk has (Q+5) dimes worth 10(Q+5) cents = 10Q + 50 cents\n\nWhen Natalie gives Dirk a nickel he now has 10Q + 55 cents, but he then gives a dime to Quincy leaving Dirk with 10Q + 45 cents and Quincy with 25Q + 10 cents.\n\nFinally Quincy gives away a quarter leaving him with 25Q - 15 cents, which equals Dirk's money or 10Q + 45\n\n25Q - 15 = 10Q + 45\n\nSubtract 10Q from both sides: 15Q - 15 = 45\n\nYou can finish from here I am sure.
If you go the the USA Government data base: http://www.firstgov.gov/ and type in fire code you will find a wealth of free information and actual code listing as well as enforcement practices. There were too many to begin to print them here.Hope this helps!
A lot of people who answered your question have obviously not seen the movie, as this 'paddling' is hazing and not punishment.  Fraternities and Soriorities make paddles with their greek letters on them, and if they get caught using them their will be stiff consequences.  The way they are using them in the movie is not seen any longer, as far as I know.  My sister went through stuff similar to what the girls experienced.  Sports teams in high school may still do the paddle thing.  It is definately not a common practice.  We are not barbarians(any more)!!  :D
Respecting Human rights is the essential of justice in a society. People become more productive in such countries.
American novelist and short story writer. Salinger published one novel and several short story collections between 1948-59. His best-known work is THE CATCHER IN THE RYE (1951), a story about a rebellious teenage schoolboy and his quixotic experiences in New York. \n\nJ.D. Salinger was born and grew up in the fashionable apartment district of Manhattan, New York. He was the son of a prosperous Jewish importer of Kosher cheese and his Scotch-Irish wife. In his childhood the young Jerome was called Sonny. The family had a beautiful apartment on Park Avenue. After restless studies in prep schools, he was sent to Valley Forge Military Academy (1934-36), which he attended briefly. His friends from this period remember his sarcastic wit. In 1937 when he was eighteen and nineteen, Salinger spent five months in Europe. From 1937 to 1938 he studied at Ursinus College and New York University. He fell in love with Oona O'Neill, wrote her letters almost daily, and was later shocked when she married Charles Chaplin, who was much older than she. \n\nIn 1939 Salinger took a class in short story writing at Columbia University under Whit Burnett, founder-editor of the Story Magazine. During World War II he was drafted into the infantry and was involved in the invasion of Normandy. Salinger's comrades considered him very brave, a genuine hero. During the first months in Europe Salinger managed to write stories and in Paris meet Ernest Hemingway. He was also involved in one of the bloodiest episodes of the war in Hürtgenwald, a useless battle, where he witnessed the horrors of war. \n\nIn his celebrated story 'For Esmé - With Love and Squalor' Salinger depicted a fatigued American soldier. He starts a correspondence with a thirteen-year-old British girl, which helps him to get a grip of life again. Salinger himself was hospitalized for stress according to his biographer Ian Hamilton. After serving in the Army Signal Corps and Counter-Intelligence Corps from 1942 to 1946, he devoted himself to writing. He played poker with other aspiring writers, but was considered a sour character who won all the time. He considered Hemingway and Steinbeck second rate writers but praised Melville. In 1945 Salinger married a French woman named Sylvia - she was a doctor. They were later divorced and in 1955 Salinger married Claire Douglas, the daughter of the British art critic Robert Langton Douglas. The marriage ended in divorce in 1967, when Salinger's retreat into his private world and Zen Buddhism only increased. \n\nSalinger's early short stories appeared in such magazines as Story, where his first story was published in 1940, Saturday Evening Post and Esquire, and then in the New Yorker, which published almost all of his later texts. In 1948 'A Perfect Day for Bananafish' appeared, which introduced Seymour Glass, who commits suicide. It was the earliest reference to the Glass family, whose stories would go on to form the main corpus of his writing. The 'Glass cycle' continued in the collections FRANNY AND ZOOEY (1961), RAISE HIGH THE ROOF BEAM, CARPENTERS (1963) and SEYMOUR: AN INTRODUCTION (1963). Several of the stories are narrated by Buddy Glass. 'Hapworth 16, 1924' is written in the form of a letter from summer camp, in which the seven-year-old Seymour draws a portrait of him and his younger brother Buddy. "When I look back, listen back, over the half-dozen or slightly more original poets we've had in America, as well as the numerous talented eccentric poets and - in modern times, especially - the many gifted style deviates, I feel something close to a conviction that we have only three or four very nearly nonexpendable poets, and I think Seymour will eventually stand with those few." (from Seymour, An Introduction) \n\nTwenty stories published in Collier's, Saturday Evening Post, Esquire, Good Housekeeping, Cosmopolitan, and the New Yorker between 1941 and 1948 appeared in a pirated ed
I'm in same boat so if you find out I will be watching for the answer.
two ways I know if....\n\nFirst of all...the cheapest hot tea variety tea bags you can buy. The 200 for a dollar type. Soak them in a cup like you were going to make tea. Then, get as much of the water out as you can. Put them over your eyes (obviously close them) and let them sit for about 5 minutes. It works because tea bags contain tannin which is a natural reliever. The cheaper the tea bag, the more tannin they contain. \n\nCucumber slices work (they have to be cold though) but it wont help the itching as well as tea bags.
Without a doubt...Ashley...\nhe is Intelligent..passionate with his words...\nwitty...charming...amazing smile...inquisitive...dangerously hot..
Doug Flutie was #1   Darren Flutie was #50
I wouldn't say they generally come out on either side.  They really don't understand cloning, and as such tend to simply report the facts as they have heard them.  When you consider that the great bulk of the population doesn't really even know what cloning means, you can understand why.
if u watch football or know ANYTHING about it u wood know the answer, and the answer is YES
set up camp outside walmart, and sell them to all the people in line waiting for playstation 3's
Class of the titans is a very informative cartton that actually has episodes based on greek mythology.\n\nhttp://www.mythweb.com/\n\nhttp://www.desy.de/gna/interpedia/greek_myth/greek_myth.html
your the one thats confused and upset , I enjoy it .
substitute (z^2+3)^1/3=u\n(2z/3)(z^2+3)^(-2/3)dz=du\nzdz(2/3)(u)^(-2)=du\nzdz=(3/2)u^2du\ntheintegralcosu(3/2)u^2du*/u^2\n=int (3/2)cosudu\n=(3/2)sinU+C\n=(3/2)sin(z^2+3)^1/3+C
Jack Bauer, easily.
do you mean radcliff? He's Harry Potter.
Good question. One thing is for sure-no matter who or where you are. They can not all be right since they are in opposition to each other. \nHow do you think this can be solved? \nJudaism and Christianity are the two closest to each other. All the rest, including Islam,  are far different. \nEven the Christians accept Judaism as semi-valid. But the Jews despise Christianity. \nThis can be reasoned out. Unfortunately for billions of people there is not enough time for all to have a chance to compare. \nHow do you think it can be solved? Just think about it.
Possibly, if they're in the 500k yield range, that would be 15,000 kilotons detonating or 15 million tons of TNT.   Would that be enough to trigger a nuclear winter?  ....depends.\n\nA Nuclear Winter threshold level of nuclear use is around 100 - 500 warheads, particularly if they are targetted at high carbon targets such as oil installations or coal storage areas.  Prolonged period of cold and dark after nuclear war due to large amounts of carbon particulate aerosols being injected high into the atmosphere would kill most of the earth, i suspect there will be some survivors. ...those in deep shelters with 1-2 yrs of provision or isolated settlements that are self-sustaining.\n\nConsider Tasmania. As an island in the southern hemisphere, nuclear winter effects would be minimised. It has large hydropower capacity for providing heat and power, and the large sheep population could help tide the modest human population through a failed harvest.
tony blair slapped a massive increase on tax and fuel prices which caused said warriors to convert to lpg, which turned them more into shopping trolleys than warriors
sometimes the thickness of our uterus changes and gets thick. it'll cause spotting during activities such as sex, running upstairs, hitting a bump in the road. best to have it checked out to make sure.
Phenylalanine hydRoXYlase?
Kefer, what's up with you this morning? You are asking some very strange questions. As a nurse, I hope that no virus comes along and wipes us all out. As a mother I pray that it never happens. You generally aren't this morose, is something wrong this morning? Have a good day. \nScarlet
Baxter i would imagine, in the "jinky" class of player, a class of which there are vey few! \nHow can you need points Fudgie when you've got over 7000? Ive not even got400!! Come on LF be a good man!! lol
CEO's performance is evaluated on a couple different things.\n1. The overall performance of the company.\n2. Their performance in managing the current situation of the company.   \n\n1.  The overall performance of the company is more important if, company is operating correctly and profitably in they eyes of the board and powerful shareholders before the CEO took it over.\n2.  Their performance in managing the current situation is typically more important if the company has operational problems and has been performing poorly in their marketplace before the CEO took it over.  However once a CEO has made improvements, the board and stock holders use this new improved situation of the company as the next base to gage future performance.  Hence the short life of many CEO's. \n\nAre CEOs overpaid?\nNo and yes.  Some are, many are not.   Many "average" people believe so because of all of the recent stories regarding bad CEO's.  However, salary in a capitalistic society such as the USA's, is generally based on the value of the return of the position and what that particular person brings to that position, as well as the wealth of the company or organization to pay for that position.  Therefore as a CEO of a company, their "value" is extremely high and correspondingly must be paid for.   \n    Many people are upset at CEO's salary, however this is a function of the market economy in the society.   Many think CEO's salary should be less, but this would be contrary to the capitilistic market and would create ineffectual CEO's.  It would lesson the incentive to bring out the best to pursue the CEO position and as a result all positions in a company would be weakened and the company would fail.  Much like many organizations in so called Communist countries fail as their is no "reward" for being good - so why be good, why try - basic human nature.  If you work really hard, or are "better" than the rest but receive no reward you will not work hard at that task, but instead put your efforts elsewhere where you can achieve "reward".\n\nFinally there are many CEO's as individuals who are definitely overpaid.  Typically this is the result from knowing wealthy indviduals in positions of influence who do not have the expertise to judge if a person would be a good CEO or not, who place them in the position and pay them a ridculous salary.
USB cables don't just "not fit."  USB cables and ports are all the same size, 2.0 or 1.0.  Something's wrong somewhere.
This forum is not representative of the whole population.  A lot of people talk as extremist in Y!A.  Although you make it seem like you are the only one with a head on their shoulders when you say "all of you" should be ashamed.  Isnt this the kind of generalized speech which you are against?  People are entitled to their opinion, no matter how extreme and irrational it may be, it is their right as an American.
No.either countries have different requirements.What makes Indian education better than South African's?Is it the naming of the classes?Unless you have a similar educational and ethnic background with a country before you can be exempted from some basic proficiency tests.Requirement for Indian education is different from the requirement for South African education.\nI can't help you on what you should study,but just foolow your interest.
The example you gave doesn't have enough information to compute the force on the wheels.  In a frictionless world, there would be zero force if the car is traveling at a constant speed on level ground.\n\nIn order to compute the force you need to know the resistance to forward motion which is the force due to air resistance, and the rolling friction of the car.\n\nj
http://www.marxists.org/archive/trotsky/works/1937/1937-sta.htm\n\nhttp://www.marxists.org/archive/trotsky/works/1935/1935-sta.htm\n\nhttp://www.haymarketbooks.org/Merchant2/merchant.mv?Screen=PROD&Store_Code=Haymarket&Product_Code=MSML\n\nhttp://www.fbuch.com/leon.htm\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leon_Trotsky\n\nhttp://www.trotsky.net/\n\nhttp://www.marxists.org/archive/trotsky/index.htm
On the national level, the U.S. is a representative democracy where a plurality of votes (in most states) is enough to win an election.
How old are you?\n\nMarriage is about giving yourself to someone emotionally, mentally and physically. If you can seriously and honestly say that you would sacrifice everything for your significant other, make sacrifices even if it grossly inconvenienced you, then you might be mature enough to begin discussing marriage.\n\nIt is a bigger deal than anyone who has never experienced it can imagine.
cduniverse.com
So it would seem. If you ain't overpopulating the Earth, your not 'serving' God!\nCrazy....simply nuts!
You aren't gay, but I would say that you are probably a bisexual guy with perhaps a tendancy to be more with the ladies than men.
Find a good golf pro, and find out why - when I swing\na golf club - I hit myself in the ankle.\nIt's gotta be in the grip.
This is an easy fix that requires a dispute of the information with each of the 3 bureaus.\n\nFor more information of maintaining credit profiles check out my blog.
<>Not sure what parallel you are alluding to?  Are you referring to script/storyline parallel to another show/movie?...if so, what are you comparing it to?  Another Serling story?  I'd like to fathom your reference, so please expand on your question.
This is from the Ashworth College web site:\nAshworth College is nationally accredited by the Accrediting Commission of the Distance Education and Training Council (DETC), which is listed by the U.S. Department of Education as a nationally recognized accrediting agency for distance learning schools\n\nI have always advised students to earn their degrees from a college that is regionally accredited and, based on their web site, Ashworth College apparently is not. Regional accreditation is the most accepted type of accreditation. You can read more about this at http://distancelearn.about.com/od/accreditationinfo/a/regional.htm\n\nI would suggest that you get in touch with an adviser or counselor at Ashworth to see if they can help you get a job.\n\ns
There's no comparison! Zidane is better. I mean, Kaka is good but not as good as Zizou. In the future Kaka may be better than Zidane but.........Zidane is up there with Maradona, Pele and Best. That's my opinion.
God would say, "I AM GAY!"
University of Florida - Gainesville\nFlorida State University - Tallahassee\n\nThe other two are just my opinion -\nRollins College, Orlando\nStetson University - DeLand\n\ns
Sheryl Crow
Ebay....
the indigenes of the niger delta want to control their resources b'cos Gov't has done very poorly in giving them comensurate dividends for the loss of their land.\nthey have really bad roads, mostly no light, no ptable water, they can't farm their lands etc... yet the federation makes tons of cash on a daily basis selling the oil that is mined from their land.\nhowever, it is also important to realise that they are mostly being sold out by their own kinsmen & elders who go to meet with Govt on their behalf. Govt bribes these pple & they in turn short change their pple without regards for their plights.\nhope that explains it?
Just make sure his PIM's do not off-set his other statistics (Goals, Assists, +/-).  Those are all important as well in a Rotisserie League.  If you can get a defenseman that is balance in all these categories then you are set.  If a defenseman spends too much time getting PIM and not helping you in other categories, then he's not that valuable.
Could you by chance have meant debate?
You should clarify your insurance coverage and a doctor's billing policy before being seen.  If you have billing problems with an office discuss it with the office manager, and if it cannot be resolved change doctor's.  If you contest a bill the vast majority of doctors will make a compromise - and if they will not - it is just as well that you are no longer a patient.
there are 10 letters\nso arrangements possible=10!for distinct we must consider the repetitionos s 3 times,t 3 times,i two times \nso dividing by 3!3!2!\nthe permutations are\n10!/3!3!2!\n=50400
OVERVIEW for 2007: \nPisces is having a once in a lifetime opportunity for great changes this year. You will be having the time of your life, expressing your loving and compassion to the world and fulfilling your boldest dreams. There won't be a dull moment and you will intuitively know exactly what path to follow and what feels right in your heart. You will feel compelled to grasp new opportunities that manifest self-transformation in your career. You're stepping into your power easily, especially around April when you are urged to express your visionary mentality. You might rediscover your musical abilities and express yourself in creative ways. You have the power and inspiration to bring mystical sensitivity to what's around you. It's time to bring out the dreamy, loving and compassionate side of yourself and let it shine. You may want to get involved in writing, be it lyrics, poetry or just self reflection. Your idealistic nature is inspired from a strong connection to your surroundings, and you easily express yourself from a place of inner awareness. Your natural ability to communicate ideas to others is keenly perceptive now. Focus on trusting your intuition and you will get through nearly any circumstance. You need to lighten up about difficulties in life. Don't be so critical and overly concerned about details. Because you're so sensitive to others' moods, you may feel like you're not coming across in a very positive way. Take time out and have fun this year. Embrace that intimate love relationship you have!\n\nSample Numerology reading \nMarch 10, 1980\n\nThis Year: 3\nSelf-expression and optimism fill your moments now. The waiting period is over and it's time to jump up and get on with things. Luck is on your side, and you seem to shine with sunny warmth and enthusiasm which draws well-wishers, (and potential benefactors), to you from near and far. Creative pursuits, travel, and communication of every kind is emphasized now. This time can bring an actual "birth", or a figurative one in the form of a new business or career, a work of art or even a new self-image. The important thing is that you use this time of opportunity to the best of your advantage and find new ways to express who you are.\n\nPersonal Day: 3\nSing, dance, make people laugh! Wear yellow or orange. Today you radiate and warm like the sun. Smile and bless us all!\n\nLife Path or Destiny: 22\nThe Destiny number describes the life lessons that we have come here to learn. It reveals to us the path we must take, and the role we must play to fulfill our mission. Often our choice of career is based on this vibration, and if not, then it will manifest through avocational pursuits. We may attract people and experiences into our lives that mirror the traits of this number for us, so that we may develop into our highest potential. We don't always welcome our life lessons, so it is a possibility that we may even feel an aversion to the characteristics of our Destiny number in other people, and we may ourselves act the opposite. In spite of the many ways we may choose to react to this force within us, we have been gifted with all of the talents and energy needed to fulfill our Destiny. This "master number" requires the bearer to dedicate their life to philanthropic aims and service on a world-wide scale. Your destiny gives you the potential to accrue vast wealth, power and greatness through inspired and constructive reformation of social standards. No matter what form your fortune takes, it will be important that it benefits large groups of people in some way. Number 22 is a higher octave of the number 4 and may be experienced as such, or fluctuate during your lifetime.\n\nCycles\nThe destiny is divided into 3 great cycles, each governing us for specific durations throughout our life. The Seed cycle begins at birth and colors our experiences through childhood and adolescence. During the year nearest our
may be a needle problem, buy a new one, to important to take chances with
When you call 911 you'll most likely be getting the same people at your local PD that would answer if you called the 7 digit non-emergency number. If they ask why you are calling 911 for a non-emergency explain to them the long distance call block on your phone service, they will understand.  If it's an emergency you have nothing to worry about.
check global tesol not 100%sure
you can see it in \n\nwww.chennai online.com
i would go with jamal lewis...houston has been tough against the run and buffalo is not that good of a team...jamal lewis is going to get plenty of carries and while his runs may not be impressive...he is still your best bet
two years ago i read on a hunting site the same question you are asking, a hunter wrote that he had used apple juice for years, he put it in a spray bottle and spayed around his stand, and on his clothes and boots, I swear, the deer came right up within shooting distance..you could see them sniffing for the apples.
MOS = Military Occupational Specialty.. a nice system to label a job in quick alpha-numberic manner.  Used by the Army, Air Force, and Marines.\n\nAn individual may hold numerous MOS'... for their primary occupation, and then for subsequent qualifications and schools.\n\nNEC = Naval Enlisted Code  (similar to MOS, only numeric)
Bank reserves are banks' holdings of deposits in accounts with their central bank (for instance the European Central Bank or the Federal Reserve, in the later case called federal funds), plus currency that is physically held in bank vaults (vault cash). The central bank sets minimum reserve requirements.\nVR
you are doing the right think by doing anything.\nfirst because you don't want you heart broken again and second because you maybe looking for something you don't now for sure.\nnow, if you like him or want to know if is for real, do the same as he does.\nlook ate him ,smile to him ,and don't you  try do do something to make him feel bad for trying something with you.\nmaybe he really want,s you but you don't know that, so play on the defense, and let him do his job.\none advice , if you do this , don't look so desperate on front of him, his job is to conquer you and not the other way around.\nOrbytall
I can see the part in between your two beings. Nice picture.
It's absolutely acceptable.  This is how I found out that the last guy I dated was lying to me and cheating.  MySpace is public domain.  It's not "stalking" or being disrespectful to look into it if it's up for the world to see.
When Bush expressed confidence in Robert Gates I cringed a bit remember such things as " great job Brownie".\n\nGates has a pretty good resume, and was briefly head of the CIA. What concerns me the most is Bush keeps bringing in people from past administrations. It causes me to wonder if he is unable to choose qualified people.
The best movie I have seen in a long time.  What an amazing writer.  It was really funny, because my friend had no idea what was going on so I am sure that I missed a few things by having to explain things to her! LOL....I can't wait until this movie comes out on video.  I will definately be buying a copy of it!!!  I love the time period as well.  I am sick of these sci-fi movies from the future, this movie was very refreshing and very smart!
Find the moles of Al:\n\nn = m/Ar = 10/27 = 0.37 mol (approx) where Ar = 27 is the relative atomic mass of Al.\n\nFind the moles of HCl:\n\nn = C*V = 6*0.1 = 0.6 mol HCl\n\nAccording to the balanced chem. equation:\n\n2Al + 6HCl  --> 2AlCl3 + 3H2\n\n1 mol of Al reacts with 3 mol of HCl, so\n0.37 mol of Al reacts with 3*0.37 = 1.11 mol of HCl\n\nSo HCl is the limiting reactant and because:\n\n6 mol of HCl produces 3 mol H2\n0.6 mol of HCl produces 0.3 mol H2\n\nThis quantity - 0.3 mol of H2 - at STP occupies:\n\nV = n*Vm = 0.3*22.4 = 6.72 L, where Vm = 22.4 L/mol is the molar volume in STP.
The first person to hit 59 they called Mr. 59 and I can't remember his name mabye Giburger or something like that
when u win the match, go to your emails and your GM will send u an email and after u read it press X, then u will get to choose from about 5 match types.
Good source of iodine and also lithium as well as a host of other minerals
Maybe call your local christian book store they may have some ideas on where you can go, they may have one too. \n\nalso, try christian book.com my dad collects The Star of David\nand he buys from this company.\n\nGood luck\nGod bless.
sur yahoo sport
There has been a profound disagreement over the correct response to the attacks.  No matter what course the administration took there would have been opposition.  The difficulty has been the secret nature of the attacks.  Before Pearl Harbor there was a large isolationist faction in the US.  No president could get elected, advocating war but after the attack there was almost universal support for war against Japan and ultimately all Axis powers.  The difference was that the enemies were nations who declared war.  It has been very difficult to develop a meaningful strategy agains attackers who operate in secret without alienating allies.  In my opinion the Bush administration could have done things differently to better effect but then some its current supporters would have been opponents.
I think it would be best to contact the Boston Police Department.
Murder a murderer for murder? Not only barbaric, but also illogical. Thank God Europe, Canada, Australia and New Zealand have seen the Light and have done away with this Draconian punishment.\n\nAnd that's not even mentioning the probability of murdering an innocent man (look how many have been released through DNA testing).
Mein tumsey Pyar karti hoon-  say this if u are girl \nMein tumsey Pyar karta hoon - if u are a guy
it is the invisible triangular lines between the three islands
David,  Yes God is merciful even to those who don't believe and He is even willing to help those who do not honor Him.. I like how in the bible when someone ask Jesus if he would go here or there, He just would go wherever they wanted him to heal.  He didn't ask them what religion or anything, he just went.  Why should we be any different than He was.   Jesus loves to prove Himself faithful even to those who would deny Him.
Have you tried using lubricants? Dildo? Shower head? There are alot of different ways to masturbate and everyone has different kind of stimulations. Yours may not be clitoral. As far as sex goes, I promise you that SEX is not all it is cracked up to be, but love is great.
Personally, I would reword the statement to prevent the plural of the word "sushi" (which is also "sushi")  from sounding awkward. \n"What are some of your favorite sushi dishes?"\n\nContradictions may emerge when foreign words are used in English - as is increasingly the case in the age of globalization. When Latin words were incorporated into English, such as octopi, they retained their foreign purity. Therefore, precedent stipulates that sushi should retain its Japanese purity. In practice: one sushi, two sushi, three sushi. The main problem with this second option is that it plays havoc with the cognitive patterns that the brain uses to code language.
Active? Probably Kirk Heinrich or Adam Morrison.\n\nAll-Time? Larry Legend. Hands down.\n\nI will also point out that Dirk is from Germany, and Nash is from Canada.
Yes, but should not be restricted to pagans. Many others who respect our Earth and live by the land (farming and hunting and such) would take advantage of the seasonal changes to give thanks and pay homeage to the Gods or God for our survival that we could only be given by the Earth with God's help. \nWe (pagans) call the winter solstice Yule. \nBlessed be!
I work at a drug store and the most popular otc for bladder infections is AZO.  You will find it in the same section as the Midol and feminine hygiene products.  I have used it and it has helped.  But, if the infection is severe, you will need to see the doctor after the weekend.  But, the AZO will get you through the weekend with less discomfort.
http://www.download.com offer free software and games\nMake sure you select the filter to filter only free software and games
TED WILLIAMS
i did see it!!!\nit was awesome \nzuko  betrays his uncle and wants to catch the avatar again, azula takes over ban si sai(dont know how to spell it)\nang goes to the avatar state but azula inter fears with her lighting and hits ang on his back and he gets badly injure but  katara saves ang from falling. ang and the gang get away from ban si sai with the king with the help of zuko's uncle. and azula and zuko take over the kings place (damn those two).\n\ncan't wait for the next episode!!!!!!!!!
Cornell University.
Maybe you can use a proxy server in the UK
For your eyes only.\n\nAnd it's a song too.
Yes, who can actually believe Noah's Ark and all that garbage!? I'd rather start worshipping Snow White and the Seven Dwarves!
Is it possible that it could be this song?\n\nCandida \n(by Tony Orlando and Dawn --in 1970)\n\n\nThe stars won't come out if they know that you're about\n'Cause they couldn't match the glow of your eyes\nAnd, oh, who am I ?\nJust an ordinary guy\nTryin' hard to win me first prize\n\nOh, my Candida\nWe could make it together\nThe further from here, girl, the better\nWhere the air is fresh and clean\n\nCandida\nJust take my hand and I'll lead ya\nI promise life will be sweeter\n'Cause it said so in my dreams\n\nThe future looks bright, the gypsy told me so last night\nSaid she saw our children playing in the sunshine\nAnd there were you and I ... in a house, Baby, no lie\nAnd all these things were yours, and they were mine\n\nOh, my Candida\nWe could make it together\nThe further from here, girl, the better\nWhere the air is fresh and clean\n\nCandida\nJust take my hand and I'll lead ya\nI promise life will be sweeter\n'Cause it said so in my dreams\n\nOh, my Candida\nWe could make it together\nThe further from here girl the better\nWhere the air is fresh and clean\n\nCandida\nJust take my hand and I'll lead ya\nI promise life will be sweeter\n'Cause it said so in my dreams
What email program are you using? Generally, there are ways to select the email without opening it.
Probably just a bug - take something for general pain, drink plenty of fluids and rest!  You'll probably feel much better tomorrow.  God bless!
I don't know how many people I have made happier because someone made me happy, but I do know that I have made myself happy by doing things for others. Even simple things, like loading groceries in a car for an elderly person, and then returning their shopping cart to the collection area, makes me feel happy. It makes me feel like I am putting some good energy out into a world where there's a lot of negativity.\n\nI think what you are doing is living the "pass it on" way, and I think the world would be a better place if we could all do it. I try to do it every day, even if it's just the littlest thing, because I think that kindness grows and multiplies and eventually makes the world a better place.\n\nAnd kudos to you. You aren't going overboard as long as you aren't starving yourself to do the things you do. What you are doing is passing on your grandparents legacy of love and service to others, and it's a beautiful way to remember them and honor their memory. Doing something for someone of your choosing trumps taking flowers to a gravesite any day.
Well Coco Lee's karaoke songs can be found in random Cd's in Taiwan, I'm a big coco lee fan myself, the old stuff she did, i have most of her more popular songs in karaoke on CD, thought i wouldn't know where to get them in the states.
well my excuse is i have a midterm or final or just a test i have to study for that i have a class after the class i want to cut. you know just to study a little more beforehand because if i go to class i may forget some material that i need for the test in next class.
He's a brilliant coach, AND he's a bully...arrogant,  and too often in his career and life he has been too aggressive and inconsiderate to others...I don't know why some folks think that being an asshole is a prerequisite for being a good coach...John Wooden and Dean Smith certainly wouldn't think so
God  WHO DETERMINE
V.V.S.Laxman
1. In the "OrderingSheet", click Data > Filter > Autofilter\n2. Use the filer in J column to select the "YES" only\n3. Copy the product names in A column & paste them to "OrderForm"\n4. If you have certain format/font that you have setup in the "OrderForm" sheet, and it's different from the format in "OrderingSheet" page, then use copy & "paste special" (under "Edit"), then select "paste value" - this will let you preserve the format setup in "OrderForm"
money.
I called my ex on his birthday and we broke up over two months ago, I guess it depends on the person.
Do you think that everyone should be required to serve as a police officer for two years?  How about as a public school teacher for two years?  Most people are not well-suited for these types of jobs either, hence the efficiency and effectiveness in capitalistic job force specialization.  It would be a major dis-service to our country and to her security to force unwilling, unmotivated, and unfit soldiers into our military.
So you know how to calculate the volume of your septic tank and know when to empty it out.
"OK CHILDREN, NOW CAN WE HAVE THE ANSWER FROM SOMEONE WHO'S NOT A COMPLETE RETARD?"\n\n"I Think I know the answer Mr Garrison"\n\n"Meh meh meh meh meh mehmeh mehmeh mehmehmeh"\n\n"Shut up fat *ss!"\n\n"Shut up Kyle you F****ing Jew"\n\n"WHAT DID YOU SAY?"\n\n"Jew?"\n\n"No fat *ss, it was f***, you can't say f*** at school"\n\n"KYLE!"\n\n"Hell, why the f*ck not?"\n\n"ERIC!"\n\n"Stop saying f*** fat *ss"\n\n"STANLEY!"\n\n"Mmmph?"\n\n"KENNY!"\n\n"What's the big f***ing deal? f***, f***ity, f***, f***"\n\n"ERIC!"\n\n"HOW WOULD YOU LIKE TO GO SEE THE HEADMASTER?"\n\n"How would you like to suck my b*lls?"\n\n"WHAT DID YOU SAY?"\n\n"Oh I'm sorry, what I meant to say was HOW WOULD YOU LIKE TO SUCK MY B*LLS MR. GARRISON?"
It most certainly can.  I drank nearly a 2-liter bottle of water a day and lost about 30 lbs in 2 months.  Of course it helps to diet (and exercise) but water nearly does the trick.  But careful, it will also flush your system and increase your appetite.
24
that blue gel stuff is full of chemicals, that's maybe why you feel more pain when you're wearing that one.  It's not toxic shock, just a reaction from nasty toxic stuff (also found in disposable diapers).
In Excel, it's ampersand.  +A1&B2  That will merge the contents of two text cells.  Try that.\n-MM
FYI is a common abbreviation of For Your Information.\n\nFYI commonly used in email or memo messages, typically as the first thing on the subject line, to flag the message as an informational message that does not require a response. \n\n\n.
Immigration violations are taken very seriously in the Philippines. Every year, dozens of foreigners pay fines and are put in Immigration detention for breaking the law. Visa regulations in the Philippines change often – be sure to check the Philippine Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA) website at www.dfa.gov.ph frequently for updates. Visitors U.S. citizens do not need a visa to enter the Philippines for stays of less than 21 days. Visitors coming to the Philippines on the no-visa policy must enter for tourism purposes, have a passport valid for six-months beyond their estimated stay and present proof of onward travel.ention.ivileges.\nTemporary Residents If the intended stay is over 21 days, a visa is required. Currently, 21-day visas can be extended to 59 days for 2,020 pesos. Visa extensions can be made at the Bureau of Immigration in Manila or at a regional office. If avisitor overstays their temporary visa, they may have to pay a fine of 1,000 pesos. Failure to pay the fine may result in detPermanent Residents There are many types of visas for permanent residents. \nThe non-quota types are similar to U.S. family based categories. For example, spouses of Philippine citizens are eligible for a 13-a visa, which will give the holder a green card status. The Special Resident Retiree’s Visa (SRRV) is also available, but has age andfinancial requirements. The SRRV is advantageous because the holder receives a permanent non-immigrant status with multiple entry prYour Visa is a very important document. Make sure it is always current! \n--------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nFor more info visit the website, not sure if its updated anyways.....hope this helps..\n\nI have heard visa extension can be made easy so why overstays and pays a fine? \nI have never exceed the 21 days stays in Manila and not apply for extension yet for the holidays but I guess overstaying would cost lots of money and trouble on your next visit.\n\ngood day!
The acronym IT is most commonly used in literature and most discussions to mean information(al) technology, however, can actually stand for a number of things depending on what industry, business or professional field you are talking about!\n\nTwo other big professional fields that also use IT are: Instructional Technology (also called Educational Technology) and Industrial Technology (which is a general form of engineering versus the specific fields as mechanical, electronic, plastic, etc.).  I actually have degrees in all three of these IT disciplines!\n\nThere are also magazines for each of these three areas:\nhttp://www.industrialtechnology.co.uk/\nhttp://etc.usf.edu/pub/index.htm\nhttp://www.bitpipe.com/rlist/org/1152629439_931.html\n\n\nActually, you can use IT to mean anything that uses the initials in complete phrase or category:\n\n* Internet Technology (which will get hits for you in search engines)\n* International Terrorism\n* Innovative Technology\n* India Today (a newspaper published in India)\n* Income Tax\n* Italy\n\nOne web site for acronyms actually list 78 different meanings for the acronym “IT” - http://www.acronymfinder.com/\n\nAnother web site showed:\n\nITInformation Technology\nITIran Time [+0300]\nITImmunology Today\nITIntelligent Terminal\nITinformation technology [transportation]\nITinterthecal [medical]\nitItalia / italian [country code]\n\nIn the medical field alone, you could find:\n\nIT Information TechnologyGeneral, IT Organization\nIT Integration TeamGeneral, IT Organization\nIT-IRBInformation Technology Investment Review BoardGeneral, IT Organization\nITAInformation Technology ArchitectureGeneral, IT Organization\nITAInternational Trade AssociationGeneral\nITAGInformation Technology Architecture GroupGeneral, IT Organization\nITARInternational Trafficking Acquisition RegulationsGeneral\nITCInformation Technology CouncilGeneral, IT Organization\nITCInternational Trade CommissionGeneral\nITMRAInformation Technology Management Reform Act of 1996General, IT Organization\nITPILInitial Three Percent Investigation ListGeneral\nITS Information Technology SystemsGeneral, IT Organization\nITS Inspection Tracking SystemGeneral\n\n\nThus, there is any number of things that you could use the acronym “IT” for.  So, depending on the reason for your question, you could have a lot of fun in using it (not the pun here) to describe “IT”.\n\n\nGood Luck and hope that you have fun with this :-)
My father served in Vietnam, has never talked about it and never will.  This is not uncommon for Vietnam Vets.\n\nMy suggestion would be not to push it.  If he wants to talk he will, otherwise just be respectful of him and honor the service that he provided to this country.\n\nThere is but one thing that sets my father off and that is the Liberal a$$holes that have no respect for our country or the men that have served it.  Men like Kerry who spat upon them when they returned.
You havin a laugh it would take me all night\n\nStuart Pearce\nRob Lee\nAndy O'Brien\nAlan Shearer\nDavid Batey\nCharles N'Zogbia\nShay Given\nTitus Bramble\nWes Saunders\nShola Ameobi\nAndy Cole\nLamana Lua Lua\nLee Clark\nJohn Beresford\nGary Speed\nKeith Gillespie\nSteve Harper\nPavel the Geordie\nGavin Peacock\nChris Waddle\nPaul Gasgoine\nKieron Dyer\nSteven Taylor\nPeter Beardsley\nJames Milner\nCraig Bellamy\nJohn Anderson\n\n\n\nAm bored now ...
A LOT OF MONEY !!!
The woman who spoke at my baccalaureate name was Dr. Weiner (really) and she mentioned her son several times during her speech...his name was Isaac.\n\nIsaac Weiner?  Poor kid....
How about: 'The advantages and disadvantages of owning a pet'?\nOr: 'The art of dating for the seriously broke', \nOr:'How to keep fit'.
Even though the prosecution in its case in chief can not use evidence illegally seized to convict the defendant, the evidence may be used to impeach the credibility of the testimony given on direct or cross examination.  U.S. v. Havens, 446 U.S. 620 (1980).  However, the evidence can be used to impeach defendant's testimony, not one of defendant's witnessess.  \n\nThe exclusionary rule (rule excluding illegally obtained evidence) only applies in criminal proceedings.
This is the first result off Google.\n\nhttp://www.47.net/47society/
Caspar?  <jk>\n\nThe Holy Ghost.  The typical sequence referred to is "Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost" -- the everlasting Spirit.  The word comes from the Greek New Testament word pneuma (Greek: πνεύμα), more recently translated Holy Spirit.  These are three manifestationsof God. \n\nE.g., in the New Testament book of John 14:26, Jesus is quoted as saying: "But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you."  [King James translation]\n\nSee more here:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holy_Spirit
seven was in since done have ,backwards write only I
The easiest way?  That's 375/1000, then reduce.
Lesson to learn...next time when you know someone is attached, he isn't worth your time because he is living a lie. And never get involved with his partner because that makes everything ugly. Yes he does hate you and so does she. Forget about it, they're not the only two people in the world. Leave him alone and move on.
He's feeling you out, he wants to have a threesome with you
PR and questions like this
Firstly you need to divorce yourself from earth reality, remove all those nasty little reminders that your human, like social friendship and a job.\n\nthen you need to isolate yourself from human contact, I hear the middle of the Gobi desert is a great place for doing this, but you will probably want to live in some great big old forest.\n\nI suggest the the more remote parts of the Amazon may just serve you in your quest to reach Endor's forest moon. \n\nYou might want to take away any similar like minded individuals, so I suggest that spend a year recruiting fellow ewoks at the Star wars conferences, and then go for it, as far away from the rest of us as you can. If that is not practical, try hang - gliding off beechy head in a hand made glider, and a fur jacket, should make the 10pm news.
If you're talking about the Thrift Savings Plan, just go to their site (TSP.gov) and click on Loans.  Follow directions from there.\nI just got a loan from them and it's faster than ever.  Applied last Monday, got my check on Saturday.  Just be sure to submit your application electronically, rather than mailing it hardcopy.
I know right.
Slackware is definitely one of the more difficult distros of Linux to learn.  It might be best to start with http://www.ubuntu.com .
You should take the PSAT in 10th and 11th grade...most schools have them in those grades. It gives you an idea what it'll be like, except it doesn't have the writing section like the real test does.\n\nThe real test is very long and the writing part is about 25 minutes which is really short to gather ideas, but oh well...you can't change it so just get good at it. I have problems with math myself, it was where I scored the lowest. But you have to start practicing Algebra and definitely Geometry now if you want to do good. I wish I had paid more attention in Geometry.\n\nIf you decide the SAT is not for you, there's always the ACT, which most schools take. I'd take both...I heard the ACT is easier and more straightforward. I'd take the SAT's at least twice and maybe an ACT. Get an SAT practice book so you know what it's like. Only one test is required though. I'd take one SAT as a junior (June), and one as a senior (October).\n\nStart working hard now, that's my best advice!
Here's all the info you need:\nhttp://www.tradingcards.com\nGOOD LUCK!
I think this is a really excellent question and I'm linking to a law review article on this topic (the link is to a .pdf so be sure you have Acrobat installed before you click).  I do remember that in the Enron case, where Enron's lawyers were filing 200-page pleadings, they actually put a copyright notice on the pleadings!
They released a cd in September, a tour might be forthcoming.\nCheck here http://www.enigmamusic.com/index.shtml
Varies from both.
There cheaper here.
people have five senses, one brain and one heart.\n\ni'd use my best features to appeal to the person using different combinations of these 7 things.
The good fats are Monounsaturated Fats  and Polyunsaturated Fats. Monounsaturated fats lower total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol (the bad cholesterol) and increase the HDL cholesterol (the good cholesterol). Nut, canola and olive oils are high in monounsaturated fats. Polyunsaturated fats also lower total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol. Seafood like salmon and fish oil, as well as corn, soy, safflower and sunflower oils are high in polyunsaturated fats. Omega 3 fatty acids belong to this group.\n\nThe bad fats are Saturated Fats and Trans Fats.\n\nSaturated fats raise total blood cholesterol as well as LDL cholesterol (the bad cholesterol). Saturated fats are mainly found in animal products such as meat, dairy, eggs and seafood. Some plant foods are also high in saturated fats such as coconut oil, palm oil and palm kernel oil.\n\nTrans fats are invented as scientists began to "hydrogenate" liquid oils so that they can withstand better in food production process and provide a better shelf life. As a result of hydrogenation, trans fatty acids are formed. Trans fatty acids are found in many commercially packaged foods, commercially fried food such as French Fries from some fast food chains, other packaged snacks such as microwaved popcorn as well as in vegetable shortening and hard stick margarine.
Well, for me I hope it is Iran.\nBut I am not sure anyone has the balls to take on the job after the slating they get from the PC lefty liberals.\n\nIf we don't, that situation could come back to bite us big time in a few years from now. But you people wont accept it until it happens. Then you will all be moaning why did we not do more when we had the chance? It makes me sick.
The fact that Dattebayo has MAGICALLY stopped subbing Naruto is not being taken seriously at all. There never was a naruto ep scheduled for this week so it's being seen as a prank. If it DOES happen to be real i've heard that narutobuzz.com is considering to do them. Also YHBT at the end of the article is something to look at. YHBT means You Have Been Trolled. No worries ne?
It is based on the system clock which is based on the Unix Epoch... and it is an algorithm, so there really is no sequence, but it is not truly random....
Well, there have been many times when I thought I was in love. I realize now that those times were more about infatuation or courtship that was all about what we could get from each other. \n\nI'm with someone now who I feel completely different about. We communicate well, which I think is key in a successful relationship. We are able to talk about difficult subjects without embarrasment or hard feelings. We have many things in common, but also have separate interests. We are very honest with each other and don't keep things from each other that might be im[portant to the other person. \n\nAll these things are important if a relationship is going to last, but you can have a relationship that has all these things without being in love. \n\nI think I am in love now. My siginifigant other makes me feel important, but also makes me feel like I'm able to care for him and be cared for. We are considerate of each other without having to ask. We are able to read each other very well, and are friends before we are lovers. Being lovers is really just a perk. A very good perk. \n\nThe most important thing, I think, of how to tell you are in love is if you really care abouit the person's well-being- if you do things and help them achieve their goals with no thought to how it will benefit yourself and if they do the same for you.
He made a serious blunder when they disbanded the army. That was the blunder of the war. No infrastructure=anarchy. He refused to look at history. Or listen to his advisors. He had a fast food war mentality. I dont love him. He was a poor leader.
Liverpool\n\n1971 FA Cup final v Arsenal.\n\n\nThey claimed the players got too hot to perform properly.
It's VERY normal.  If you never masterbate then you will never be abl eto fully satisfy your partner because you will have no idea how your own body works.\n\nGet a clue - masterbation is not evil.
You trust a trained professional giving you the test and not internet tests.  They are not given in a clinical setting, according to the methods for which the tests scores are curved.  Therefore, they are  skewed and cannot be used as a scientific measure of intelligence.\n\nThey are kinda fun though!  :o)  Most people score higher on them.\n\nSue
Teach Others my Culture and Believe's!\nTry to Explain to Others That Native American Are Still Here and We Are the First People!\nEducate everyone I can About Who We Are and What We Stand For!!!\nContinue to Work to Get Back What was Stole/Taken/Cheated  From The People!!!\nHelp as many of My People as I can!!!  \nOn Yahoo 360!!!\n\nHokahe!!!
Sure are.\n\nAssociatePrograms.com is an excellent resource.\nLinkShare.com\nCommission Junction\n& ClickBank.com\n\nare some major networks.\n\nMichael\nhttp://www.webmasterautomation.com/forums/
the US census estimates that 10% of the population is gay. they also say that they have no real idea since some gay's are so deep in their closet that it could be closer to 25 or 30%.
Fancy Footwork\nSoles Unique\nThese Shoes R Made 4 Talkin'\nMy Way Footworks\nSoles Of Mine
if she has liked you before...she at least somewhat likes you now too.  One idea you could try, is talk to her and tell her you can help her get the guy to ask her out (the one she stares at).  She will probably be happy that you are helping her and will talk to you a lot more.  Ask the guy who he likes and try to hook him up with another girl.  THen when the girl you like is upset from this, you will be there for her.  She will start to like you again because you will become closer and she will see that she can trust you.  IF you feel guilty about doing this though, you can follow through and tell her what you did and say you were so sorry you didnt mean to hurt her but you just liked her so much and would do anything for her.  I dont really have any other advice, but you can also get some friend girls to ask her who she likes and whats going on.  good luck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! xo
It is violent, but I thought it was okay until the last paragraph that sounds a little silly. The whole satan comment will probably turn a lot of people off. Sounds like you are trying too hard with that.
I got thoroughly fed up with "Colloquial Arabic" .I find that all of Jane Wightwick's books are excellent. Her introductory book, "Mastering Arabic" is still in print. With the cassettes or CDs, it costs around £29. The book alone is around £15.\n\nIf you wish to delve into Islamic culture, there is also "Quranic Arabic" by Dr Murty, with 2 CDs, available from around £25 in any good, Islamic bookshop.\n\nAs a learner, I found it useful to set a target of memorising 10 new words and two rules of grammar a day. Copy examples of the grammar rules into a notebook to understand how the grammar works, then using previously learned vocabulary, compose new sentences similar to the examples . \n\nYou have to do something every day because you can soon forget words owing to the lack of any similarities with English. I test myself on the previous 7 days' 10 words before learning the ten new ones. (If you can learn 50 words a week, you will have mastered the basic vocabulary of 1,000 words in about 20 weeks and then you will have "broken the neck" of the language and can start making real progress. Tell yourself not to give up for six months because it is a hard language and it's very tempting to abandon it early on. To reach a stage of 98 percent understanding, you need a vocabulary of 3,000 words for "A" level and 5,000 words for a degree.\n\nThe lack of similarities makes learning words very hard. I have a system that works but people think I am daft. I find substitute English words and associate them with the meaning of the Arabic word, e.g., Arabic for Gospel is 'injeel so I picture a bible in jelly - daft? sure, but it works. Horseman in Arabic is faaris (written faarisun) so I picture a horse with faires on.\n\nI really wish you every success because even though English literature is vast , Arabic culture and literature is an ocean of enjoyable, different and often brilliant delights. Enjoy the rewards of the hard work you are about to start.
there is no advantage to changing networks ... there are so many other bottlenecks to consider ... how many router hops to get to your destination, bad routers on the path, how many others are trying to access that same destination/resource ... face it, the problem is not yahoo as much as it is where you want to go relative to everyone else on the planet.
"...Did I put the radio far enough away from the tub?"
Barca/
The scientific name itself is Tuberculosis, most commonly known as TB. Prob, u might be interested in knowing the scientific name of tubercle bacilli which is known as  Mycobacterium tuberculosis.\n\nHope u find this info useful.\nJay
Well, maybe not what it is *all* about That's a rather large topic.\n\nIn discrete math, numbers are restricted to certain values or, another way of saying the same thing, there is a finite difference between the numbers that can exist. Contrast this with a continuous number system, in which, for any two numbers that are not equal, you can find infinitely many numbers that lie between them in value.\n\nFor example,  the integers are a discrete number system, whereas the reals are a continuous number system.\n\nComputer math is inherently discrete, although it can in many cases form a useful approximation to a continuous system.\n\nThe series that you mention have been developed for continuous number systems, but I believe they have analogues for discrete systems.
He needs social coaching. If you can't afford a therapist, apply for SSI so he can get medicaid for the professional help he needs. Expect to be turned down at least once, just keep going.
from your description, i think both of you are couples made in heaven. go for it. this can be the beginning of a beautiful and romantic relationship.\n\ngive the man a chance, develop the relationship, let it grow and when you have a chance, tell him how you feel. If you wish for it to come from his mouth, you may give him hints, show him you are interested.. I wish you all the best..
I agree with NoClone.  There really is no other way.  With runners on 1B and 2B, P covers third baseline, first basement covers first base line.  All fielders shift to the right.  SS to second, second to 1st.  3rd stays home.\nRunner on 1B only, P covers first base side, 3B charges from third base line.  SS covers 3rd, 2nd baseman covers second, 1B stays at first base.  \nBases Loaded, same as with runners on 1B and 2B.
Uh all you have to do dearheart is write maybe a four page newspaper,(not the NY times). Since most sports weren't played then, you can eliminate that section. Probably wasn't alot of entertainment, other than the hot rumours at the local tavern, so you might not need that or the travel section.\n\nBasicly I think your teacher would like you to write a front page with a headline and story from that time, maybe 'the british are coming , the british are coming' and then write it like you're a reporter after talking to paul revere.\n\nYou could write a story about Benjamin Franklin and his latest  experiments.\n\nDo an interview with some of the possible forefathers signers of the declaration of independence on what they think or what they're planning.\nThen you might have an op ed page about how you feel about the revolution , are you for it or against? Tell why , try it from the British perspective to make it interesting , then have an colonist write a letter to the editor in favour of the revolution.\n\nMaybe have some ads for the general store  and quote prices. Make up business names like Revere Ware, Silversmith,  Ben Franklin Printery for example.\n\nSince women weren't allowed to vote it'd be directed to the males of that century.\n\nFrankly I think you have a great teacher for giving you this assignment and you need to use your IMAGINATION in doing it.\n\nProbably could print enough copies on your own printer so you needn't involve kinkos.\n\nGood luck and don't make your parents do this , this is YOUR project, they've already done a project or projects in school.
Ashley Tisdale, I dont like her ,and  I don't like her songs.\n       Cole and Dylan Sprouse, they don't have any good looks and they look under age because there short,but then again I dont like them either.
No. Those who had passed away went to a place called Sheol, " a place for the dead" or "grave."  Hell is a generic term used to describe a place where souls would end up after a person passed away.  The hell that you are probably referring to was created for Satan and his demons.  The people who had put their hope into the messiah, and who died before Christ conquered death and hell, did not go to this place.  They went into "Abraham's Bosom" where they awaited the coming messiah.  Christ went and released these Old Testament Saints from this place and granted them entrance into the Kingdom of God.  \n\nTrust in God
Surely there's no way a chimp would win, because the Samoan could kick the chimp in the 'special area' and it would be floored right from the off. I don't think the chimp's have the reasoning to go for the one place that will stop anyone in their tracks so they're already at a disadvantage.\n\nAnd anyway, have you seen Umaga?!
If you want the young stuff you need to convert to Islam. Their God does approve.
There is more genetic variation between some tribes in Africa than there is between those of African descent and those of European.\n\nAll humans have the same DNA structure. Thus, no, the DNA Structure of a 'black' person is not different than that of 'white' person, they are essentially the same with minute variations. These are so minute in fact, that you and someone with the same skin color could have less biologically in common than you could have with someone of a different skin color.\n\nSkin color is determined by a relatively small set of genes.
My husband usually hires after-school boys to help with light jobs at his lawn & garden equipment shop, he does retail, maintenance & repair.\n\nI think about any trade shop (mechanic, carpenter, car wash, etc.) would have a need for relatively cheap, "extra" help.  Not only will your son get the experience from that job, but employees of those small shops are face-to-face with lots of people who work lots of different jobs, so he can make quite a few contacts for future employment.
YES
Most humidifiers of that type have filters that are made of cardboard or paper, and are very difficult to clean without destroying them.  If you're one of the lucky ones with a metal or cloth filter, you can clean it somewhat by soaking it in vinegar for an hour or two.
I disagree.  To get to there level of perfection, who cares what shape, size or weight they are?!
Was he from the South? I've never met a Southerner who didn't claim to have some Indian in them, whether they do or not.
Is the disk being detected in My Computer?\n\nIf it is, try playing it in another player, such as RealPlayer, Itunes, etc. If it works there, then there's something wrong with your Windows Media Player Setup.\n\nYou might think about updating to WMP 11. If you don't feel like changing that, you can try to see if your Windows Media Player 10 needs to be reinstalled.\n\nThat's all I can give without knowing the above. Hope best of luck in solving your problem.
Hades was one of the Greek gods.  He was the brother of Zeus and Poseidon.  He was ruler of the underworld which was were the dead went.  If you were really bad you went to a particularly bad part of the underworld called 'Tartarus' but if you were particularly good then you went to 'Elysium'.\nMythology never needs a 'why'.
This is a starting guideline for salt water:\nFor a 3mm wetsuit: body weight (170 lbs) x 10% = 17 lbs\n80 cu ft aluminum tank: add 5 lbs = 22 lbs\nFor fresh water @ 170 lbs, subtract 6 lbs = 16 lbs
Boy. There are a lot of people answering this question who really don't know the rules in this country. I speak from 11 years of law enforcement experience, many of those specifically developing traffic offenses into greater crimes. So people don't think I am feeding you a line of police BS, I included the laws that established each of the rights and reasons to search. Feel free to research them yourself so you can see I am giving you the straight scoop.\n\nThere are many times when the police can search your entire car, including your trunk, glove box, and even locked containers within your car, without a warrant. I'll lay out four of the most common techniques I use to search cars.\n\n(1) Consent. Can't go wrong here. If you ask for consent to search and the driver (or person in charge of the vehicle) gives you consent, you can search the entire vehicle. The consenting party has the authority to withdraw their consent and/or limit the areas you can search.\n\nOn reasons (2) through (4) consent makes no difference. If the police can meet one of these requirements, they will legally search your car with or without your consent.\n\n(2) Probable Cause. If you develop probable cause during a traffic stop, you may search the vehicle without a warrant. This is commonly called the "motor vehicle exception" to the search warrant rule. The authority for the police to do so was first established under a US supreme court case called Carroll v. United States. The courts have since expanded on this case and allowed the police to search items within the vehicle regardless of who claims ownership of the items. Under this technique, the police can only search areas where it is reasonable to believe the contraband they are searching for may be found. For example, if the police believe they are lookng for a rifle, they would not be able to search a purse. However, if they find the rifle and now believe they might be looking ammunition, the search of the purse is good.\n\n(3) Pursuant to arrest. If the police arrest you for a bookable offense while operating a motor vehicle, they may search the areas under your control (including the passenger compartment and possibly other areas of the car) for contraband or weapons that you may have discarded. This authority is established under case law named Chimel v. California.\n\n(4) Inventory search - If the police have the authority to tow your car, they may search it under the premise that they need to inventory all items contained within the car prior to towing the car. These searches were upheld under the community caretaking doctrine established under South Dakota v. Opperman.\n\nThere are other ways to get into a car. Too many to go into here. Truthfully, there is almost NEVER a time when the police need a warrant to search a car. In my 11 years, I think I have obtained a warrant for two or three of the probably 1000 cars I have searched, and those cars were firmly secured in the police impound lot pending the warrant.
To each his own!
The bowling ball.  Since you were not specific in how you were going to get 25,000 feet above the ground, I am going to assume that you are on top of the Pacific Ocean.  The ball will sink into the depths around the Marianis Trench and hit the ground some 4 1/2 miles underwater.  The pencil will float on the surface until it gets waterlogged.  It may sink but it will be much later than the ball.\n\nWhat will those fish do with a bowling ball anyway?  Bowling pins will float.
Visit below: -\n\nhttp://maecourses.ucsd.edu/mae152/projects/project1.html\n\nhttp://goblin.tkk.fi/as0101/eng/project_work/general_info.php\n\nhttp://cplus.about.com/\n\nAlso you can download PDF from : -\n\nhttp://www.rpi.edu/~toddr/resources/Generated/Classes/BeginningC/handouts/Project-1.pdf
he didn't stop you from grabbing his man tittie...  don't make him bi/gay/straight.  He didn't stop you.  So...  I guess he let you know it didn't bother him.  If you want to find out, go for it and let him know you want to play with his business.  Then you'll know.
I would tell him that you want to spend some special time with him focusing on each other.\n\nPlan some romantic activites that let you focus on your relationship.  Some suggestions:\n\n1.  Together .....Write a list of things the 2 of you would like to do together in the future.\n2.  Make a time capsule.\n3.  Make s-mores in the backyard.\n4.  Sit apart and write a letter telling how you feel about each other and/or describing your favorite things about each other.\n5.  Go star gazing.\n\nGood luck!
I'm sure for the better, most of us who have lived long have learned the difference between action and reaction.
Mansfield, Ohio?
That depends on how the school is set up.  Most universities use credit hours and define a full-time student as one taking 12 credit hours or more.  15 is probably average and more than that is quite challenging, but I've seen people take 18 to 21 hours and make it.\n\nMy recommendation is to take 12 to 15 each semester at least until you get the feel for college.  Summers are shorter and the classes move faster.  So 6 credit hours is full-time for the summer semester.\n\nSue
I don't see how a celebrity would have time to go through the 1000+ answers they get. So no, I don't.
It runs off the battery (assuming you have one installed)\n\n///
If you want to study abroad then you have to choice an university.Then contact the university for learning more details about the university and its courses.Check the tuition and other fees.UK universities will be comparatively cheaper for you.
Without sex you are not pregnant, but please consult your school nurse re discharge --it could be a period.  Be well.
listen up kiddo cuz i know what im talking about.\n\nFirst off, there are two good beginer's boards. Zero, which is my personal favorite, and Alien Workshop, which I've heard a lot of good things about. Alien Workshops are over all good boards, and zero is good for street skating and getting high ollies. \n\nThe next thing, is trucks. I think that the top trucks brands are Krux, Grind King, and Phantom 2. But really, all the trucks are virtually the same.\n\nYou can ask anyone, Zero Black Widdow Bearings are the best.... \n\nSpitfire wheels are the best wheels...\n\nStay away from brands like Blind [which cracks easily] and Birdhouse [They are designed for vert skating, and are VERY VERY hard to ollie with because they are really heavy.] Also element are generally cheap and flimsy. \n\nShoes are all the same, just pick whatever looks good. ^__^\n\nIf you already know how to ollie, thats great [Push down with your backfoot on the tail of the board, and slide your front foot up the board and jump]. But it takes a while to ollie, so you really need to keep practicing as much as possible [It took me around 2 months to finally ollie], and watch as many skate videos. If you follow those two things, you will be ollie-ing in no time. \n\ngood luck.
I have a good idea, instead of paying them any money, work out how much coke,heroin etc that we owe them and inject the lot in one go that should sort out their problem and as a taxpayer I would be happy too...,,,
As guys age, color changes from pale pearly opalescent white to yellowish.   Not to worry.   this is universal.
c.  Molecules are in constant motion.  Once an equilibrium has been reached this motion does not stop.
Here are a few:\n\nhttp://www.muskoxfarm.org/\n\nhttp://library.thinkquest.org/3500/muskox.html\n\nhttp://www.saskschools.ca/~gregory/arctic/Amuskox.html\n\nhttp://www.blueplanetbiomes.org/musk_ox.htm\n\nhttp://www.adfg.state.ak.us/pubs/notebook/biggame/muskoxen.php\n\nhttp://www.explorenorth.com/library/weekly/aa020101a.htm\n\nhttp://www.alaskazoo.org/willowcrest/muskoxhome.htm\n\ncool animals!
IT IS VERY GOOD INSTITUTE  IN INDIA
id recommend systemsuite, its really good!! Also, Mcaffee isnt too bad.
The artist is George Kranz, the song is called Din Daa Daa and its found on the Breakin 2- Electric Boogaloo soundtrack
Hershey, Pennsylvania. To The Hotel Hershey to enjoy the chocolate spa. I think with a month visit of everything chocolate you would have to get a little tired of it? If not then oh well better set up camp. My cat Hershey will come with me! Seriously, I have a cat named Hershey. Uh but I'm not addicted to chocolate...I can quit whenever I want...don't look at me like that!
some of those names that you mentioned....have meaning. Imani means faith....and Ebony means black. i have an Afrocentric name....and really a lot of African Americans are now researching and looking for names to give their children that they themselves were denied b/c of assimilation...\n\nwe really were not meant to have euro centric names so we began to create pseudo African names just so that we(blacks) could have a separate identity...since everything else was pretty much stripped away from us.\n\nthere are African American baby naming books that are out now and you won't see the typical Christopher or Catherine...you may see names like Malik and Aeysha...their meanings and origins are also listed.\n\nbtw...my names means the 'beautiful one' and it is origin is Swahili and the region is Ethiopian.
Why do u go 2 church 2 show off ur sunday best!!!!!! no silly u go 2 church 2 pray so that is what u should do.
pay attention in class, I am sure you were told there. \n\na) hot air rises\nb) sterile medium can be contaminated by bacteria suspended in the air settling onto it. \n\nPut a+b together, write in an intelligent and comprehensible manner, and you will have anwered the question.
anything with an equal sign is an equation. a formula is a special equation with only one variable on the left hand side (in the west)\n\nfor example: a formula,   F = (M * C)^2, solves for something explicitly.\n\nan equation can have lots of stuff on either side,\n\n45Y-16X^2 + 90 = 54Z / 0.008X\n\nboth are equations, but when you solve for one variable in particular you can call it a formula.
The Apocalypse Of Saint John\n Chapter 22\n\n16 I Jesus have sent my angel, to testify to you these things in the churches. I am the root and stock of David, the bright and morning star. 17 And the spirit and the bride say: Come. And he that heareth, let him say: Come. And he that thirsteth, let him come: and he that will, let him take the water of life, freely. 18 For I testify to every one that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book: If any man shall add to these things, God shall add unto him the plagues written in this book. 19 And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from these things that are written in this book. 20 He that giveth testimony of these things, saith, Surely I come quickly: Amen. Come, Lord Jesus. \n\n21 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
http://www.flora.org/homeschool-ca/pq/index.html\n\nCheck out the links in the menu on the left-hand side.
Hopefully most atheists know that most christians really are good hearted people.  it's that the few bad ones make the news more often.  the bigger the christian, the harder the fall.  look at the evangelical preacher from last week.  \n\nI prefer funnel cake.
well your sounds very vague... pls elaborate your question more to get specific answer... Are you looking to a specific IT company or any new IT company?
I'd say yes, everything sounds normal. You sound a little young. When you're younger, you're period will be irregular, and could be on an off schedule until you're around 20 or so, then it should be the same every month. I'm still kinda young and sometimes I'll go for 2 months w/out my period and beleive me it scares the crap outa me. My doctor said not to worry about it, and that sometimes your period will only last 2-3 days whereas other times it'll be like 8-9 days! Or atleast untill your period regulates. It's a slim chance you're pregnant, very very, so I wouldn't worry about that. As far as your breasts hurting, well mine get reallly tender right before my period, so that may be happening to you, which would be good meaning you're not pregnant! Just to be on the safe side, if I were you I'd take a pregnancy test a week after you were supposed to get your period (or a week after you do). Good luck and try not to be such a nervous wreck, enjoy yourself!
get dvd decrypter and dvd shrink......I think decrypter has regional settings to take care fo that. They're free on the interenet.
Because the trial is in the hands of his fellow iraqi's, if he had been tried by a unbias multinational tribunal the trial would be over, saddam would be in his grave, and the world would be a better place.
Gian Giacomo Caprotti da Oreno, nicknamed Salai or il Salaino and Count Francesco Melzi~both of these relationships follow the pattern of eroticized apprenticeships which were frequent in the Florence of Leonardo's day, relationships which were often loving and not infrequently sexual. \nBesides them, Leonardo had many other friends who are figures now renowned in their fields, or for their influence on history. These included Cesare Borgia, in whose service he spent the years of 1502 and 1503. During that time he also met Niccolò Machiavelli, with whom later he was to develop a close friendship. Also among his friends are counted Franchinus Gaffurius and Isabella d'Este, whose portrait he drew while on a journey which took him through Mantua.
her sexy haircut
Well I don't know if this constitutes as an actual date but it's so far the closest thing I have to a worst date. \nThis past New Years' weekend I was sick with the flu. The guy I was dating at the time came up to see me and take care of me. He had brought me medicines, made me soup and had even washed my dishes and cleaned up my kitchen a bit. After a bit I was starting to feel tired and was just about to fall asleep when he started begging me to have sex with him. He begged for like a half hour. Now needless to say that sex was the last thing I wanted to do even if it had been Brad Pitt next to my bed. \nNeedless to say that not long after that, I dumped him.
If you have the qualifications, find their address, phone number, and fax number.  Call them and ask for the name of the human resources director and fax your resume to him/her with a cover letter attached.
It is when a runner is on base. The pitcher has to "hold" the runner on, meaning keep him close to first so he doesn't steal second. If he was in the wind-up (his regular motion), the runner could get an enormous jump to steal second. In the stretch, he holds the runner better. \n\nThe stretch is basically pitching without the wind-up. The pitcher comes to a set (hands come down to a point and he pauses) before raising his leg and going home. Compare that to a full wind-up and you'll notice a huge difference.
The optimist says 'half full' The pessimist says 'half empty' The engineer says 'that container was not designed correctly'
because he's all ears
No but I do notice everytime they talk that there speech is differnet. Helen Keller was blind and death.
Desert Plant Adaptations\nDesert plants have adapted to the extremes of heat and aridity by using both physical and behavioral mechanisms, much like desert animals.\n\nPlants that have adapted by altering their physical structure are called xerophytes. Xerophytes, such as cacti, usually have special means of storing and conserving water. They often have few or no leaves, which reduces transpiration.\n\nPhreatophytes are plants that have adapted to arid environments by growing extremely long roots, allowing them to acquire moisture at or near the water table.\n\nOther desert plants, using behavioral adaptations, have developed a lifestyle in conformance with the seasons of greatest moisture and/or coolest temperatures. These type of plants are usually (and inaccurately) referred to as perennials, plants that live for several years, and annuals, plants that live for only a season.\n\nDesert perennials often survive by remaining dormant during dry periods of the year, then springing to life when water becomes available.\n\nMost annual desert plants germinate only after heavy seasonal rain, then complete their reproductive cycle very quickly. They bloom prodigiously for a few weeks in the spring, accounting for most of the annual wildflower explosions of the deserts. Their heat- and drought-resistant seeds remain dormant in the soil until the next year's annual rains.\n\nXerophytes\nThe physical and behavioral adaptations of desert plants are as numerous and innovative as those of desert animals. Xerophytes, plants that have altered their physical structure to survive extreme heat and lack of water, are the largest group of such plants living in the deserts of the American Southwest.\n\nEach of the four southwestern deserts offers habitats in which most xerophytic plants survive. But each is characterized by specific plants that seem to thrive there. The Great Basin Desert is noted for vast rolling stands of Sagebrush and Saltbush, while in the Mojave Desert, Joshua Trees, Creosote Bush, and Burroweed predominate. The Sonoran Desert is home to an incredible variety of succulents, including the giant Saguaro Cactus, as well as shrubs and trees like mesquite, Paloverde, and Ironwood. The Chihuahuan Desert is noted for mesquite ground cover and shrubby undergrowth, such as Yucca and Prickly Pear Cactus.\n\nCactus, xerophytic adaptations of the rose family, are among the most drought-resistant plants on the planet due to their absence of leaves, shallow root systems, ability to store water in their stems, spines for shade and waxy skin to seal in moisture. Cacti originated in the West Indies and migrated to many parts of the New World, populating the deserts of the Southwest with hundreds of varieties, such as the Beavertail Cactus and Jumping Cholla.\n\nCacti depend on chlorophyll in the outer tissue of their skin and stems to conduct photosynthesis for the manufacture of food. Spines protect the plant from animals, shade it from the sun and also collect moisture. Extensive shallow root systems are usually radial, allowing for the quick acquisition of large quantities of water when it rains. Because they store water in the core of both stems and roots, cacti are well-suited to dry climates and can survive years of drought on the water collected from a single rainfall.\n\nMany other desert trees and shrubs have also adapted by eliminating leaves -- replacing them with thorns, not spines -- or by greatly reducing leaf size to eliminate transpiration (loss of water to the air). Such plants also usually have smooth, green bark on stems and trunks serving to both produce food and seal in moisture.\n\nPhreatophytes\nPhreatophytes, like the mesquite tree, have adapted to desert conditions by developing extremely long root systems to draw water from deep underground near the water table. The mesquite's roots are considered the longest of any desert plant and have been recorded as long as 80 feet. Botanists do not agree on the exact c
It all depends on the type of Books he is into. The Oath is a book I'm currently reading at it is really good. You could also go for a classic like Moby Dick, Tom Sawyer, or How to Kill a Mockingbird.
No way.  If you cannot ask questions and get reasonable answers - what sense is there to believe something anyway? Fear only goes half the distance as Love. Obligated belief is just another way of saying "Lying to oneself"
Blackpeoplemeet.com its a dating site where you can meet people from all around.  Good Luck  :)
There are tons of scholarships that go unclaimed each year. Many $400, $500 or $1000 scholarships never even get applied for because people think it's chump change and not worth applying for. Well, get a few of those $500 scholarships and it'll really make a dent in your tuition bill.\n\nDo a search on scholarships, search your major, your ethnic heritage, your town, your parents employers, your employer, hobbies, high school, local chamber of commerce/rotary/ lion's club etc. Left-handed? There is a scholarship out there for you! Older woman returning to school? There are scholarships out there for you. Do combined searches on more than one criteria "hispanic women aviation scholarships" etc.\n\nGo to the library and ask the reference librarian for a reference book on scholarships. They usually have more than one. There are all kinds of scholarships out there, you just have to start applying yourself and make it your summer career to send out letters everyday for scholarships. Good luck!
I am not Gay and I believe that they SHOULD be able to marry. I am glad you were able to grow up and realize that it doesn't effect you, or me or any other straight person. I just wish the rest of the world you see logic instead of religious ideation.
Dying when attacked by vampires at the mall
the indian months are.......\npaush\nmagh\nphalgun\nchaitra\nvaishakh\njyeshtha\naashaad\nshravan\nbhadra-pad\naashwin\nkartik\nmarg-shirsh\n\nthese are in order from jan-dec.....
you're going to turn a state into a national park? Umm...rriiiight.
O is a word in English, used as an interjection to indicate the vocative case, as in "O ye of little faith!" So, when it's used like that...as in O Lord or O Wise One, it means you are calling out to someone. \n\nO'clock is a different case. Here, it means of (or according to) the clock. This is just a shortened form of the original phrasing...like it's 5 of the clock.
Quentin Costa
pleasure
ASK HIM WHEN " YOUR NAME ".\n\nSHAMELESS CREATURE...\n\nDO YOU BELIEVE HE'LL MARRY A GIRL IN A WORST SCREEN NAME?
You have approximately 267 bones in your body...\nwant to make that 268?????
love has no judgements\n\n love does not take into account colour, race, religion etc\n\n love is beyond all our control, that's why it's so special
I couldnt agree with you any more. Brazil is a team of has beens and show offs. I doubt they could even beat france (hoping they can't). Their game against Australia was so bad. Ronaldo was offside on his firrst goal and Australia wasn't awarded a clear penalty. AThe Brazilians are relying on counterattacks only. Their defence is clearly prone to germany's attacks and Italy's attacks and the french style and Rooney. Italy is the most rounded team this tournament although they arent playing with their heart. Im hoping that they can beat the Germans without tiring themselves a lot.
hey no problem .. if u have  atleast two drives in ur system ur data wont be lost except ur installed softwares such as MSword ..\n\nbe sure u do back up(copy paste ) ur valuable datas to the d drive\nor in to other drive\n\ni think ur os sits in c drive.. copy all ur data to d drive.\nnow restart ur system after inserting ur winxp cd.\nthe system runs the set up files for win xp. at the time of installing ur xp \nshows eg..\nc   150000mb    \nd    126548mb\nwat u have to do is place the cursor on c drive and press d . this will delete all the files in the drive. after deleting \nthe screen looks like\nfree 15000mb\nd      11256mb\nnow place the cursor on free space and press enter\nthe next question will be about formating\nchoose ntfs (for better performance) and press enter\nnow the system starts installing the winxp.
That is all self explanatory- use your discs and books to guide you.
Ethically you cannot tell him unless it is a business relationship you are looking for (eg he's a dr. you are a nurse)... \n\nIf you are looking for any other type of relationship (ie friendship or more) you will have to wait until he has been released and then have some time pass (at least a few months) before you can give him the message...
He lost his sight to undiagnosed glaucoma at the age of seven.
I live in America where there is a first admendment right for you to believe in God.  Why would I protest this right that allows you to go to church and me to not go to church?\n\nIf in court I would not affirm on the Bible, but on the US Constitution.\n\n3 US Presidents did not affirm on the Bible but the Constitution, Kennedy was one, and Teddy Roosevelt was another during their inaguration.\n\nJust curious, and I'm not insulting you, but why do you use Caps Lock so often, it is hard on the eyes to read.
latin - 7 nominative, genitive, dative, accusative, ablative, locative, vocative\nenglish - 3 subjective, objective, possessive
I agree with your doctor, you're only 15 now, your hormones are all over the place, and your chest will need the extra space once your upper body muscle starts growing in....but...\n\nIf you have to ask this one again at 18 or 19, I'd go to a doctor, have my blood tested for hormones.  Really.  Hypo-gonadism is no joke, and neither is hypo-pituitary syndrome.  You did say you were tall though, so if it continues to be an issue in 3-4 YEARS from now, check to make sure your body is producing enough testosterone.\n\nYou may, if you can afford it, also wish to have a combined blood/sperm test for chromosomes....a small number of guys are born with Klinefelter's syndrome, which basically means they get an extra X sexual chromosome, being an XXY male instead of the normal XY.  But that is really rather rare.\n\nAnd like I said, you are too young to sweat it now....give it a few years, if you find yourself having chest/breast issues as you get closer to 20, that is when you need to look into it.
i love boyz11men\ni just cannot get enough of their great songs!\nmy personal favorites are:\n--> Water Runs Dry\n--> Doin' Just Fine\n--> In the Still of the Night\n--> End of the Road\n--> Your Home is in My Heart\n--> It's So Hard to Say Goodbye to Yesterday\n--> One Sweet Day w/ Mariah Carey \n--> Aaliyah Song\n--> I Miss You \n--> A Song for Mama
A good search site, that works alot like collegeboard.com except for grad schools, is gradview.com. You can search by location, programs, special services, school size, etc.\nFor ratings, there aren't a whole lot of reputable sources, although US News & World Report's rankings are generally viewed as the best. Princeton's report is also pretty good. Don't pick a school based on rankings, because other facets of the school may be more important to you.
Hey! Well she must be very stupid! And you so stole that from me! Why Why WHY!!! ttyl!! bye!\n\npeace out!,\nJohnny Lover
Joe Don Rooney is from there (guitar & vocals for the group)
Hi Albaby,\nI did a research on White Pages for you and there are 6 people with name nationwide.\nCheck out this url below\nhttp://www.whitepages.com/10001/search/FindPerson?firstname_begins_with=1&firstname=Michelle+&name=Erdmann+&city_zip=&state_id=&localtime=survey\nI hope it will help you to find your aunt.
he was successful to a point like Caesar, Hitler, and bush...megalomaniacs ego's i know there are others but they are war mongers..their ends we rent pretty though....to answer your you question...they were good in that they blinded their followers by fear...of outsiders in the name of what they believed to be rightous....\nignorance is truly bliss...great question since it is relative to today'
he is always in cricket and will be in the hearts of cricket fans
the bbc are allowing people to watch it... goto www.bbc.co.uk
Somebody please drop kick the girl who answered this question before me.\n\nWhah  Whah Whahhhhhhh...Geeze, it's a joke. Get over it\n\nAnyway, to answer your question.  No. I don't dig in my butt in public, even if my booty crack is itching...Matter of fact, my booty crack never itches.  So the next question for you is why does yours? LOL\n\nBTW, Don't let uptight heifers like that chick, discourage you from posting a joke or two here and there. It makes the community more interesting for those who actually do come here for fun
You mean praying the rosary? It's like the chanting in other religions, you repeat the same thing over and over until you fall into a kind of trance!
good smelling tobacco are those called aromatic pipe tobacco such as 'holland house' or 'cavandish'
I'm unclear as to your test. If you are referring to the urine microalbumin (normal ratio of microalbumin to creatinine is 0-30), then 66 mean that the kidney has started to spill protein. This is the earliest stage of diabetic kidney damage. If not already on it, Hubby should be started on an ACE inhibitor (enalapril, lisinopril, captopril, etc.). These meds have been proven to delay/prevent further kidney damage. Of course, good control is always essential.
they're better at making friends.
Les gagnants...
Real World Austin,Danny and Melinda
ask her.. not us!
Baked Alaska is also known as Norwegian omelette.  It's a dessert that consists of hard ice cream on a bed of sponge cake. It's covered with uncooked meringue and kept in the freezer until serving time, when it is placed in a very hot oven, just long enough to brown.  Delicious.
try friendster
I admit I don't know, but that is a good song :-) ...My favorite song of his is "Things"
This is a valid question, and should be one that is on the list of many government disaster preparation plans. Fortunately, it would be unlikely to take anyone by surprise, as most volcanic eruptions are preceded by periods of earthquake activity. However, a large eruption would require huge evacuations and would disable travel and transport for much of North America for days or weeks, so it is not an insignificant risk. It would also probably shut down all air transport almost worldwide for some period. It might be a small probability, but so are most natural disasters. \n\nThe best analog example for a Yellowstone eruption would be the Long Valley Caldera, which might actually erupt again before Yellowstone ever does. The Long Valley Caldera last had a major eruption about 760,000 years ago. About 140 cubic miles of rock and ash were ejected. Ash covered most of the western United States, as far east as Missouri. \n\nHere is a USGS map of the area affected:\nhttp://lvo.wr.usgs.gov/GeologicMap.html\n\nThe USGS has a page discussing the possible eruption scenarios at:\nhttp://lvo.wr.usgs.gov/eruptions.html\n\nThey estimate the probability of an eruption of some size in any given year to be one in a few hundred, which is about the same probability as a major earthquake on the San Andreas fault. The area has seen signs of activity since 1980, and has experienced tree kills from volcanic gases rising through the soil, and a large dome has been growing outside the town of Mammoth Lakes. \n\nHere is the home page for the Long Valley Observatory:\nhttp://lvo.wr.usgs.gov/index.html\n\nThe Yellowstone Observatory of the USGS has lots more material that you will be interested in. There have been satellite measurements of rising elevations in the area, and here is the map:\nhttp://volcanoes.usgs.gov/yvo/2006/uplift.html\n\nThere is a map showing the area affected by the last major eruption of Yellowstone about 2.1 mybp here, as well as many examples of recent volcanic activity in the area:\nhttp://pubs.usgs.gov/fs/2005/3024/\n\nThe home page for the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory is here:\nhttp://volcanoes.usgs.gov/yvo/index.html\n\nAs far as climate effects go, in North America the jet stream travels eastward, so much of the ash from any volcanic eruption, whether from Long Valley, Yellowstone, or the Cascade Range, will travel eastward. The largest ash falls are likely to range as far east as the Mississippi River, maybe further, and at some times of year may be pushed southward as well, leaving the Midwestern US and the Southern US as the most vulnerable areas outside of the immediate area. A large eruption could leave ash falls of several feet over much of that area. The polar jet stream that crosses North America averages between 50 and 100 mph so the spread of ash would take less than a day for most of the US. \n\nhttp://www.islandnet.com/~see/weather/elements/jetstream1.htm\n\nThe Mt Pinatubo eruption in 1991 spread a plume of sulfuric acid across one hemisphere in about 9 days. Here is a map of that plume.\nhttp://www2.sunysuffolk.edu/mandias/lia/possible_causes.html \nThe overall climate effects of such an eruption would likely be global cooling of a few degrees and would affect the northern hemisphere more severely, depending on the size of the eruption. The Pinatubo eruption is said to have had a greater effect on global climate during the two years after its eruption than either El Nino, or anthropogenic greenhouse gases. Here is the data:\nhttp://www.cmar.csiro.au/e-print/open/greenhouse_2000e.htm\n\nI'm sure you can go a lot further with this research. There is lots of material out there on the effects of volcanic eruptions. USGS, the Hawaiian, Alaska, and Cascade Volcano Observatories, as the Smithsonian Global Volcanism Program have a wealth of m
The Matrix does!
panthers.
What's the legal citation? \n\nTo mortgage is to pledge property as security for a debt.  Taking that construction, Bennet would be the pledger or mortgagor. \n\nHowever, this sentence could've been improperly constructed to mean that Bennet allowed Davis to take possession of the shop and requesting payment over a term, with the shop as collateral.\n\nContext matters, so the legal citation would be helpful.\n\n\n\nedit: \nLOL @ the guy above. Nice name too. Maybe you'll learn a bit more in business law 102.  Or maybe secured transactions.\n\nsecond edit:\nAfter seeing guy below's answer, I just really want to say this: Can you all pleeeeaaasseeeee look up the definition of mortage (as a verb) before answering this freggin question?  Jesus.
Without trying to sound like a jerk... you are either REALLY screwed up or your doctor is...\n\nThose three drugs are VERY serious medications and if you are taking ALL of them at once... WOW.\n\nWe are talking Andrea Yeats, Son of Sam, Geoffry Dahmer, Charles Manson kind of perscriptions here... Risperdal, Lexapro and Seroquel are major major drugs and I am not exagerating.\n\nIf you do not think you are 'psychotic' or abnormal... you do not hear voices, or you do not see things that are not there, I SERIOUSLY suggest you get a second opinion from another psychologist.\n\n-----------------------\nFYI:\n\nRisperdal is prescribed for the treatment of schizophrenia, a severe mental disorder that can cause delusions (false beliefs) and hallucinations. It is also used for the short-term treatment of mania associated with bipolar disorder. Risperdal is thought to work by muting the impact of dopamine and serotonin, two of the brain's key chemical messengers. \n\nRisperdal may cause tardive dyskinesia, a condition that causes involuntary muscle spasms and twitches in the face and body. This condition can become permanent and is most common among older people, especially women. Tell your doctor immediately if you begin to have any involuntary movement. You may need to discontinue Risperdal therapy. \n\n\nLexapro is prescribed for major depression--a persistently low mood that interferes with daily functioning. To be considered major, depression must occur nearly every day for at least two weeks, and must include at least five of the following symptoms: low mood, loss of interest in usual activities, significant change in weight or appetite, change in sleep patterns, agitation or lethargy, fatigue, feelings of guilt or worthlessness, slowed thinking or lack of concentration, and thoughts of suicide. \n\nLexapro is also prescribed for generalized anxiety disorder, a condition marked by excessive worry and anxiety that is hard to control and interferes with daily life. To be diagnosed with this disorder, your symptoms must have lasted at least 6 months and you must have at least three of the following: restlessness, fatigue, poor concentration, irritability, muscle tension, and sleep disturbances. \n\nSeroquel is prescribed for the treatment of schizophrenia, a mental disorder marked by delusions (false beliefs), hallucinations, disrupted thinking, and loss of contact with reality. It is also used for the short-term treatment of mania associated with bipolar disorder. \n\nSeroquel is the first in a new class of antipsychotic medications. Researchers believe that it works by diminishing the action of dopamine and serotonin, two of the brain's chief chemical messengers.
This looks like an attempt to ask a question that no one else has asked. There is a reason no one has asked. The answer is no.
obviously.. Italy will beat germany. Germany has all easy teams up to now. ITALY.. is the better- team and they crushed the ukraine. They have the best defense only letting in 1 goal in 5 games. FOrza italia
Yes. Some people are obese because of irreversible genetic disorders or adverse side effects of medication. For most people, which is 95% of obese people have no excuses. They eat too much of the wrong kinds of food and don't move enough. Ask a triathlete how much he/she eats, and you'll know that calories isn't an issue. It's about eating the right kinds of food, and treating food like fuel. In fact, endurance athletes are notorious for carb-loading. Obesity is about lard, over-consumption and not enough activity. Go out and cycle or run. IT works. I lost 30 lbs in 6 months that way without counting anything.
It's an optical illusion
because they are ignorant
It is still too hard to prove in a court of law... you can prove cheating on his side, but he could say the same about her.... how can she prove she didn't?!  They here those kind of cases all the time.... STD's  are a real hard thing to prove either way....unless it is Aids....Good Luck....
I believe, and i may be a little optomistic, that Australia will make the 2nd round (maybe with a draw against Croatia). Don't get me wrong, Croatia is very good, but their team isn't as good as previous world cup campaigns.\n\nIn the 2nd round, they will play Italy (Czech Republic will top group E) and they will lose for the simple fact that Italy, while not performing well in the past few tournaments by their standards, will have a technical and tactics supremecy. I think Totti, Italy's play-maker, will destroy Australia.\n\nThe reason why Australia will be a better team then they were before is:\n1. The Australian Governing Body, Football Australia, is much more professional and well organised then before.\n2. They are now going to be part of the Asian qualifying groups, which is, in my opinion, easier to get out of the their present system, meaning regular competition and regular World Cup's, which means constant improvement.\n\nHope this answer helps and wasn't too long-winded.
A hub links multiple systems via ethernet into a single network. Anything which is sent to the hub is sent back out to all the other machines on the network.\n\nA switch is a smarter hub. It keeps a record of the network addresses of the machines and other networks connected to it. When data comes in, the switch sends it out only to the machine or network that it needs to be sent to, rather than to everyone. This improves network efficiency.\n\nA router is a smarter switch. As well as doing what a switch does, it can also implement complex rules like "To get to address X, send to address Y and that machine will forward it", or "If you receive data for address A, re-write it to say it's for address B, and send to machine C."\n\nA repeater takes the incoming signal, decodes it to digital data, and then sends the same signal back out as a clean copy.
I agree
A conflict that a person has with himself/herself. Like, if you're trying to make an ethical or moral decision and you don't know how to act.
I don't about this one. I was under the impression that she was the face that launched the Taliban campaign to force all women to wear tents on their heads.\n\n\nAnd now who doesn't understand sarcasm?  I love irony- it really is the greatest form of humor.
Are you retired with nothing to do?
I will bet you were a little late.  The collection agency is not going to waste time sending someone to your house, if they thought they could collect more easily.  Pay the bill off and you can stop worrying about having someone come to your house. \n\nWait until the next time you want to borrow money. You may not find it so easy.
You shouldnt take sweets from strangers.
all the pocket pc phone work with usb.
Yes and No.\n\nThe US Navy requires a six year commitment for all enlistments.  Most enlistments are for 4 years of active duty which would require two years of reserve duty.  The amount of active duty time depends on your choice of schooling and enlistment contract.  If your contract requires 4 years of active duty, you must remain on active duty for four years.
never
http://www.chucksconnection.com/tips.html\n\nAccording to this website:\n"Do not use a bleach or any washing compound containing a bleaching agent as it will decrease the tensile strength of the fabric. \nIt is perfectly safe to use a mild soap and water solution to wash out dirt and at the same time reduce the effect of perspiration absorption. The shoes can be put in a washing machine if desired. (note that this may dilute the color of the canvas, especially bright and dark colors) \nAfter washing, the shoes should be dried at normal temperature away from excessive heat such as stoves or steam pipes. Do not dry shoes in automatic dryers. \nA liquid chalk-type shoe cleaner is recommended for whitening shoes. \nA wet sponge or cleaning cloth with a little soap if desired can quickly clean up dirt or spills on your toe caps or rubber foxing on the sides of your shoes."
1st thing mean stuff you shouldn't even read. People do this to make themselves feel better, like, "Oh ha-ha I told him/her/them off see I'm cool they're not!" But the only thing is they may seem so to themselves but how long does it last? I mean can anybody remember what you typed into a yahoo answer box that made you feel sooo cool a week later? Or the next day. Nah this is human nature...\n\nhttp://www.total-knowledge.com/~willyblues/
clerks, chasing amy, mallrats, dogma etc....
Many things, but probably a bladder infection or STD. Check it out with your Dr.
ronaliho he is so cute and handsome belifema he is cute and i am number 1 fan
they are more comfortable than they look and better than those diapers.\n\nThey come with picture instructions but i will tell you any how\n1. take rapper off\n2. there is an applicator wich you put half way \n3.then u push the bottom half up (it makes the cotton inside the applicator insert in your vagina)\n4. then pull the applicator out (the plastic part)\n5.whats left is a string hanging out and thats what you use to pull it out when you change it\n\nI suggest trying pearl tampons first they are the easiest and smallest to slide in comfortably untill you get the hang of it
16
The average investor does not control his own destiny in mutual funds, so looking to the "investor" for psychological insights here is not going to yield anything.  Mutual funds are run by "managers" and they have multi-millions to literally billions of dollars under control.\nObviously, trying to understand these guys is very difficult.  Most managers have a set model that they use and is generated by computer.  Buy and sell orders are generated by computers and I have found that many computer models are ironically tuned to the Fibonacci number set.\nYou want to understand mutual fund behavior and thus the behavior of the entire markets, then understand the Fibonacci principles.
No such beast exists. The book was simply lying.\n\nOliver is a plain old chimpanzee that has been tortured and abused so gullible people will pay money to see him and read books about him.\n\nA female chimpanzee was shot in a rainforest in Africa so her baby could be captured. The baby then had several of his teeth pulled out so his jaw would grow deformed. His head was burned with acid so the hair would not grow properly. The animal was then trained, almost certainly with excessive cruelty, to walk upright.\n\nHe was then displayed to gullible people as a monster. The only monsters were the people who did that to a helpless animal.\n\nGenetic tests have shown that Oliver is just a plain chimpanzee. In fact genetic tests have even confirmed which tribe in Africa he was stolen from.\n\nInterestingly since he started living with kinder owners his hair has largely regrown and he no longer shows a strong inclination to walk upright. \n\nPoor old Oliver is just a badly abused and cruelly mistreated animal. He has the same number of chromosomes as any other chimpanzee.\n\nNone of this is a secret, there are countless websites that will confirm this. This is why I can safely say the people who wrote that book knew all this and simply lied about it.
- Community Facts for Mahwah, NJ -\n \nOfficial mahwah Web Site:  www.MahwahTwp.org  \nMahwah Borough Hall:\n Township of Mahwah Municipal Offices\n475 Corporate Drive, Mahwah, NJ  07430\n \nMahwah Chamber of Commerce: \n Greater Mahwah Chamber of Commerce \n \nMahwah Library:\n Mahwah Public Library\n100 Ridge Road, Mahwah, NJ 07430  \n(201) 529-7323\n \nPolice, Ambulance & Fire:\n Mahwah Police Dept. & Fire Dept.\n221 Franklin Turnpike, Mahwah, NJ  07430\n201-529-1000 (non-emergency)\n \nMahwah Population:\n 24,062  (2000)\n \nSize:\n 26.7 sq. miles\n \nMahwah Demographics:  Mahwah Population and Housing - Census 2000\nMahwah Housing Characteristics - Census 2000\nMahwah Economic Characteristics - Census 2000  \nDistance to NYC:\n 30 miles\n \nParks & Recreational Facilities:\n 5 Bergen County Parks:  Ramapo Valley Reservation, Darlington County Swim Park, Campgaw Mountain Reservation, Campgaw Mountain Ski Center, and Darlington County Golf Course. \n \nMunicipal Pool:\n 700 Darlington Ave., Mahwah, NJ\nHours 11:30 AM until Dusk\n201-529-4949\n \nBack to Top\n \n  \n \n- Mahwah, NJ Area Links -\n \nCarmel Retreat \n\nApple Ridge Country Club \n\nSuggestions for Mahwah, NJ community links are welcomed! \n\nBack to Top\n \n  \n\n- Description of Mahwah, NJ -\n \nBlessed with magnificent mountains, gently rolling hills, and sloping valleys lies Mahwah in a lovely natural setting.  Broad, tree-lined streets and consistently attractive homes and condo/townhouse developments attest to astute planning by local government.  \n\nMahwah, being the largest township in Bergen County, also serves as the host of many sporting activities.  A thousand acres have been set aside by the Bergen County Park commission for horseback riding, hiking, camping, archery, and skiing.  The Darlington County Park in Mahwah offers swimming, boating, fishing, and tennis.  There are municipal baseball fields, tennis courts, and playgrounds to complete a well-planned recreational program.  And for the avid golfer, there is a superb, private 18-hole championship golf course and country club plus a challenging county golf course.  \n\nMahwah has five elementary schools, a campus-style high school, and a beautiful modern college campus--Ramapo College.  Mahwah also has a train station for a convenient NYC commute as well as bus routes.
i can see ur point in asking this question but i think that u need to ask ur self the answer
Because you can kill a mosquito by hand.
We're the boys. Were the boys in motion. We give you are devotion. Booyyys were the boys in motion. and it keps repeting
It's nice to see someone else getting tired of the racism crap.\n\nIn case most of the people forgot, we all bleed the same color...RED. If you shoot some people who are white, black, green, purple, blue, etc., the color of blood is always red.\n\nAs for religion, it doesn't matter who you worship. It all equals out to the same....The creator of the Earth. God, Allah, and so on.\n\nUnfortunately, Amy, as long as there are different colors living in the cities, states, and you area neighborhoods, there will always be some racist moron with his own outlook on how the world should be to them.\n\nIt's a damn shame too.\n\nPeace to you.
500 cm3
because we are special so get over it what do men add to the world apart from wars! Blah Blah... wounded soldier!
Of course.\n\nPlease note, this is not me answering this question, but someone else who typed what I told someone else who I spoke to over the phone.   Incidentally, someone else who is attractive will appear as me in an interview based on this whole inane topic, and the real "me" will only show up 12 years later on a "Where are they now?" VH-1 special.
No they cant but in certain cases they can. Your question is very vague. A detailed question will help.
Most city's ban parking in alley way's do to fire trucks needing threw . In order for this to be enforced there most be one of the following.\n\nA. Signs up at both entrance and exit and/or no parking signs posted. \n\nB. Painted yellow or red curbs. ( yellow no parking,red fire lane )\n\nIf there is no signs and/or painted curbs. Fight it in court. Take pictures of the area and show the judge and/or hearing officer  the pictures and request a court date. The issuing officer " MUST " appear in court  or the ticket must be dismissed due to you have the right to confront and defend yourself and ask them how can they enforce a no parking zone w/ no signs or painted curbs. If you fight it most judges or hearing officers w/ drop the ticket.
x^-1y + 8z^-3\n= y/x + 8/z^3\n\nur question is not very clear.
Great luck ,older one... restrictions aside, the grazing is good, and the bigger muscles pump the metabolism for a longer time period than aerobics...,gluets ,thighs,back and chest...SLOWLY.. 2 seconds each way.. lite weights..  do twenty reps, if you can't do twenty,lessen the load..\n Oh yeah , keep breathing. and praying.
Love is the answer.
Here are some beginning hints. See a dietitian for more advice. Stir-fry foods in tiny amounts of oil and lots of seasonings. Choose nonfat or low-fat selections, such as nonfat or 1% milk or low-fat cheese. Keep portion sizes on target. Avoid fried foods -- bake, grill, broil, or roast vegetables and meat instead.
This must be a better guarded secret than George Bush's campaign vote counters.  No matter how or where I searched, no answers could be found.  I'll keep trying though.  On a mission!!
1 arizona 2 massachusetts 3 illinois 4 virginia 5 pennsylvania 6 texas 7 oklahoma
not unless you have their permission
Characteristics of Red Sprites\n\nSprites are massive but weak luminous flashes that appear directly above an active thunderstorm system and are coincident with cloud-to-ground or intracloud lightning strokes. Their spatial structures range from small single or multiple vertically elongated spots, to spots with faint extrusions above and below, to bright groupings which extend from the cloud tops to altitudes up to about 95 km. Sprites are predominantly red. The brightest region lies in the altitude range 65-75 km, above which there is often a faint red glow or wispy structure that extends to about 90 km. Below the bright red region, blue tendril-like filamentary structures often extend downward to as low as 40 km. Sprites rarely appear singly, usually occurring in clusters of two, three or more. Some of the very large events, such as shown in Figure 1, seem to be tightly packed clusters of many individual sprites. Other events are more loosely packed and may extend across horizontal distances of 50 km or more and occupy atmospheric volumes in excess of 10,000 cubic km. \n\nHigh speed photometer measurements show that the duration of sprites is only a few ms. Current evidence strongly suggests that sprites preferentially occur in decaying portions of thunderstorms and are correlated with large positive cloud-to-ground lightning strokes. The optical intensity of sprite clusters, estimated by comparison with tabulated stellar intensities, is comparable to a moderately bright auroral arc. The optical energy is roughly 10-50 kJ per event, with a corresponding optical power of 5-25 MW. Assuming that optical energy constitutes 1/1000 of the total for the event, the energy and power are on the order of 10-100 MJ and 5-50 GW, respectively.\n\nIf sprites are only barely detectable by the unaided human eye, in intensified television images obtained from the ground and from aircraft they appear as dazzlingly complex structures that assume a variety of forms\n\nCharacteristics of Blue Jets\n\nBlue jets are a second high altitude optical phenomenon, distinct from sprites, observed above thunderstorms using low light television systems. As their name implies, blue jets are optical ejections from the top of the electrically active core regions of thunderstorms. Following their emergence from the top of the thundercloud, they typically propagate upward in narrow cones of about 15 degrees full width at vertical speeds of roughly 100 km/s (Mach 300), fanning out and disappearing at heights of about 40-50 km. Their intensities are on the order of 800 kR near the base, decreasing to about 10 kR near the upper terminus. These correspond to an estimated optical energy of about 4 kJ, a total energy of about 30 MJ, and an energy density on the order of a few mJ/m^3. Blue jets are not aligned with the local magnetic field.
that depends. does anyone in your family have diabetes or hypoglycemia? true hypoglycemia is rare. more often then not people abuse thier bodies by eating crap and then get surprised when their blood sugar crashes after eating that crap. or people go without eating for extended periods understress and they crash and also assume its hypoglycemia. any and all hypoglycemia is diet controled. usually having a piece of fruit or some other high fiber low gi food every hour prevents me from getting the shakes. if i get the shakes its not very long until i go into shock if i dont have something to increase my blood sugar. my grandfather has diabetes and i inhereted hypoglycemia from him. if you suspect you are hypoglycemic go to your doctor. they can find out for sure.
1.8
win or lose doesn't matter.... it was to maintain their super power status during that era. united states needed war before and united states need war in every 15 years. look into the history of modern wars... study how many wars happens in the mordern wars has US involvements, can you observe that most of the wars was actually created by US intelligence? its an accounting theory. war creates economy to US when the dollar value drops.
because they have a payroll budget which they must meet...why do you think they are number 1...anywhere you shop you will find the same problem...payroll is a controllable expense...so they cut the hours to make the botton line...profit.....they will cut man hours to make bottom line...doesnt matter to them if they have service or not...profit is the nmae of the game...plus it's less they have to pay for benefits...again bottom line ..profit...but mostly greed
THANX U JUST FREAKIN RUINED THE WHOLE GAME FOR ME!!!!!!!!!!!!! I haven't watched it yet I was recording it u stupid person!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gene Snitsky is going to beat you.
yea sure \n  streetfootball1334@yahoo.com
long term! how about u?
May be the sender is not typing your e-mail address correctly or your inbox is full or may be the spam guard is blocking their addresses.
You may have crabs and your partner may be in a serious risk ask him. or it could be that you have a bad rash.
Gonorrhea, a highly contagious sexually transmitted disease (STD), is one of the most commonly reported diseases in the United States, with more than 350,000 cases each year.\n\nSometimes referred to as the clap, gonorrhea often is characterized by thick discharge from the penis or vagina. However, many people experience no signs or symptoms.\n\nThe bacterium Neisseria gonorrhoeae, also referred to as gonococcus, causes gonorrhea. The disease spreads through semen or vaginal fluids during unprotected sexual contact, heterosexual or homosexual, with an infected partner. The more sexual partners you have, the greater your risk. An infected pregnant woman also can pass gonorrhea to her baby during delivery. Casual contact, such as kissing, doesn't spread the disease.\n\nAbout three out of four reported cases of gonorrhea in the United States occur in people younger than 30. The highest rates of infection often are present in 15- to 19-year old women and 20- to 24-year-old men.\n\nTreatment for gonorrhea involves a course of antibiotic medications to eliminate the infection. Practicing safe sex is important in preventing gonorrhea.\n\nyes you can catch it....
It has to do with the files needing to be encoded to enable them to be played on DVD players. Also, if you include things like personalized menus, chapter breaks, music and other extras to the DVD it will increase the file size further due to all the additional info needing to be put on the disc.
Yes it does. Penicillins are eliminately primarily through kidney excretion into the urine.  Your urine will smell just like the pills... a wonderful bitter moldy smell.  It shouldn't mean anything at all.
I cannot speak on the air of formality as far as if the dust from the shell is toxic to the point that it can kill you, however I do have some personal experience with the dust.  In the pursuit of making some earrings, I inhaled a very small amount of dust into my lungs.  I could immedietly taste the calcium (similar taste and smell to your teeth getting drilled) and became nausious.  After about fifteen minutes I was having a hard time breathing altogether and ended up going to the hospital.  The doctors said that the dust has very small amounts of toxin in it, as does the meat of the abalone and both are extremely dangerous in large amounts.\n\nso my advice to you, and this is what i do now, is to wear a simple gas mask.  The gas mask I chose to get was roughly $60 and I have had absolutely no problems since i bought it.  When it comes to one's health, you can never be to careful or too cheap.
because they see it as a way to become popular by intimidating people and making others afraid of them. if there is no resistance, they win. either that or maybe, they're just scared people. they're afraid they'll be rejected for who they are.
Biggest Rednecks - Mississippi\nBiggest Hillbillies - Kentucky\n\nBut they are everywhere.
i try to stay under a 100 bucks if i really want it i bet high
IE7 is better than Adv Browser.\nFirefox beats it too.
~Tough situation, well either time heals it, or you find another job if you can't bare it~
You can't.\n\nBased on personal experience when I went completely blind for several hours as a symptom of shock. I think  sight, to someone who's never experienced it, is as incomprehensible as blindness is to a sighted person who's never been blind. And if you think you can imagine what its like to be blind, I promise you, you're wrong.
nanotechnology\n\nThe science of developing materials at the atomic and molecular level in order to imbue them with special electrical and chemical properties. Nanotechnology, which deals with devices typically less than 100 nanometers in size, is expected to make a significant contribution to the fields of computer storage, semiconductors, biotechnology, manufacturing and energy.\n\nEnvisioned are all kinds of amazing products, including extraordinarily tiny computers that are very powerful, building materials that withstand earthquakes, advanced systems for drug delivery and custom-tailored pharmaceuticals as well as the elimination of invasive surgery, because repairs can be made from within the body.\n\nLarry Bock, CEO of Nanosys, who helped launch more than a dozen successful biotech companies in his career, believes that nanotech will impact even more industries than biotech. In an excerpted article from the March 2003 Nanotech Report, he compared nanotechnology with the microelectronics industry. Bock said that "a single chemistry graduate student can create novel devices and device architectures not even imaginable or manufacturable by today's biggest microprocessor companies. That is because these devices are fabricated chemically, or from the bottom up. Existing microelectronics technology is fabricated by etching wafers, or from the top down." See AFM, STM, Buckyball, nanotube and MEMS.
Nope.  To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.  I wouldn't want 1 extra minute here when I could be in a glorified state with the Father.\n\nWhen He says it's time to go I'm outta here.
dani california too
You weren't "robbed" of a wedding. You chose not to have a large wedding and reception. Giving yourself a wedding now -- after a year and a child -- is just tacky. Why not give yourself a first anniversary party instead?
Patterson: Hasnt pitched in a while, and of all things, is on the DL with an arm injury, which could really affect his stuff. SUGGESTION: Leave on wire.\n\nBurnett: Made his first start in 2 months, but looked sharp (6.0 IP, 2 ER, 7K). Will work his way back up in terms of arm strength and velocity. SUGGESTION: Pick up.\n\nSexson: Showing good power and contact. Could put up above average numbers (30 HR 100 RBI). SUGGESTION: Pick up. By acquiring him, you should automatically rule out picking up shelton as well.\n\nJones and Giles: All decent players at their position. Not real power threats and will put up decent numbers (20-30 HR 80-90 RBI). Whether or not you pick these guys up depends on your depth at the position.
"Food doesn't come in contact with your heart, but only passes through the stomach and then comes out again." (By saying this, he showed that every kind of food is acceptable.)\nMark 7:19
Yes you can. The low 3.99% APR is usually for a short term. You can borrow $25,000, say for 6 months, then put that money in a 6 month CD (they pay a higher interest rate) typically paying 5.80%. You pocket the difference, 1.81% of $25,000. You make $450 in 6 months.
I don't know what you mean by "dirty" but once you put it out there you can't take it back. He can't possibly unhear what you've told him. If it's to much for him he'll move on. If he now knows to much about you , you might think about doing the same. Don't start lying to cover it'll just make things worse.
It is just a distraction that all. Do you really think Bin Laden who was a CIA asset does not know how we operate. Give me a break. The administration is blaming the pres so that they don't have to answerer the real questions like why are they destroying the rights of the Constitution they swore to uphold.
I think there are a lot of people who don't actually "believe in" astrology, in the sense of actually planning their life around it...\n\nBut instead, they just find it interesting to see whether something about them was correct or not.  Personally, I have seen many things said of me (about past and future) that turned out to be correct.  I don't mean fortune-telling... but simple astrology.\n\nI don't claim to understand it, and I certainly don't hold it as my religion or spirituality.  However, I do think there may be something to it that we don't quite understand.  I think there are a LOT of things going on in the world/universe spiritually that we have not even begun to grasp.\n\nThat said, there are MANY people out there who claim to tell futures, etc etc who prophet (and profit) from this market... and are completely full of BS.  But from my understanding, astrology is not related to future-telling in a mystical way.  Instead, characteristics of a person and their future are shown through a system that has to do with the placement of heavenly bodies (planets, stars, etc).  It's more like reading a very complex grid than anything else.\n\nAnd who's to say that God doesn't have some order to the universe that we just take a while to catch onto?  We tend to be a little slow sometimes, you know....
Believe it or not, you CAN enjoy music w/o being high.\n\nFrom Hendrix to Sublime, they all though they couldn't MAKE music w/o it and look what happened to them.
if they are a polarized lens it makes a big difference by reducing signifigant amounts of glare, so yeah
The boy's and girl's name Shiloh is pronounced SHY-loh. It is of Hebrew origin, and its meaning is "His gift." Biblical place name. Shiloh is also the site of a crucial battle in the American Civil War. Actor Brad Pitt and actress Angelina Jolie named their daughter Shiloh Nouvel Jolie-Pitt.\n\nShiloh has 3 variant forms: Shilo, Shylo and Shyloh.\n\nShiloh is a rather uncommon female first name, ranking 4105 out of 4275 for females of all ages in the 1990 U.S. Census. Shiloh is a common surname, ranking 54257 out of 88799 for people of all ages in the 1990 U.S. Census.\n\nAlso:\n\nShiloh (shī'lō) , town, central ancient Palestine, the modern Khirbet Seilun, the West Bank, NNE of Jerusalem. In biblical times it lay in the territory of Ephraim. The Hebrews were, apparently, the first to build extensively on the site. Shiloh was home to the priests Eli and Ahijah, boyhood home of Samuel, and the place where the Ark rested after the conquest of Canaan. It was the sanctuary and meeting place of the Levites until the Philistines captured the Ark of the Covenant. References to it in the Bible are numerous.
let it go.. unless you will hurt yourself.. don't attempt anything, unless you will be hurt ..
it doesnt matter
hi,\nlook....even i was of the same category before........\nbut now i'm sure what to do next....\nanyways i suggest u to do B.COM,coz B.COM lets u lot of exposure ie u can do any masters of any commerce stream but BBA lets u to do only MBA,if u are quite sure of doing mba....then go for it or else do the other one.....ALL THE BEST\n............let know me what u've decided,&if u get any information of any commerce stream plz let me know......bye take care\n................................i wanna talk to u,can we be frds???
No thanks!  There are just some things I'd never do for any amount of money!
no we are still too liberal.\nrepublicans today are too liberal.  they are really in the middle.  and democrats are way left.\nwe need to really have a right wing republican party.
Half of us would be dead now. Seriously, we'd have been attacked again, and the reason we haven't is not because of good security, security can never be good enough. The reason we haven't been attacked is cause the best defense is a good offense. This President if he's got nothing else he's got balls & stands up to everyone from a position of strength.\n\nWatch your curses there brokengirl.
NO
No, because I wouldn't believe them.  All that stuff's parlor tricks, no one can read your mind.\n\nI would be turned off by how full of shit they are, though.
Do you want to know just the military men that were killed or would you like me to include all of the civilians too...LOL...Good joke...NOT
i did. the mavs were just lucky this time. if you'd look at it, the suns are better than the mavs. they outlasted two game 7 playoff rounds, proving their resilience and determination. yes, mavs sweeped memphis and went past the spurs but i bet they wouldn't stand a chance vs. the suns if nash takes a longer breather
Chicken Soup for the preteen soul has it. You can buy it at Barnes and Noble. \n\nhttp://www.barnesandnoble.com/
I remember hearing 22.  He is the most talented musician and songwriter of all time in my book.  I have seen him in concert about 25 times.  He is the best!!!!!!!!!!
♡Sydney, Devon, Dakota, Jordan, Georgia, Iran, Montgomery, Virginia, Austin, Carolina, Stonewall, Roswell, Charlotte and Madison...♡
Just saw the Lake House thought it was great. I cry every time I watch the Notebook. Benny and June another great movie. City of Angels.
Depends on what actually happened to give us more or less chromosomes.  In humans, the most likely reason someone would have more or less chromosomes would be nondisjunction (an uneven split of chromosomes) in gametogenesis (process of making sperm or eggs).\n\nMost often, nondisjunction does not produce viable offspring.  They die within the first few weeks of gestation.  Some nondisjuncted offspring do come to term, but have some pathological problem.  Some common diseases that arise from nondisjunction are:\n\nDown's syndrome \nEdward's syndrome \nKlinefelter's syndrome\nPallister-Killian syndrome \nPatau syndrome \nTurner syndrome \nXYY syndrome \nXXX syndrome
Kamal Hasan
There are tons of variations to the slip in slide (or inflatable slides)...do a search on google or toys r us.
Check out prosper.com
In science, parsimony is preference for the least complex explanation for an observation. This is generally regarded as good when judging hypotheses. Occam's Razor also states the "principle of parsimony".\n\nWe do that everyday in judging causes of events. We start with the most simple likely cause of an event and only move to more complex explanations when we can rule out the more simple explanation.
File as an independent, not as dependent on your parents. This way they look at your personal income, not your parents. This also means your parents cannot claim you on their taxes-- which gets them huge benefits. They may spring for college if you threaten to file as independent.
The unknown is always scary. Something took a wrong turn 15 years ago, and you haven't been on track since then. You  probably feel like your all alone in the woods now. So prepare yourself mentally to leave so you can physically leave or fix this! You have 2 choices. 38 years is a long time. I believe the magic that brought you two together is still alive, although it may seem like a candle in the sun. If either one of you had wanted to really end this, one of you would be long gone. But your both still co-excisting in the same home.  First, find yourselve again. If your job can't support you if you should decide to leave, use this time to find another job. Keep in mind, he is going to have to 1/2 things with you. So your probably going to be alright financially from the divorce settlement, if you go this route. Next you need friends. Don't sit at that house wondering what he is doing 8 to 10 hours on a daily basis. That is 8 to 10 hours that you have, to do anything you want. This is all about you now. You can't make him be happy. You can't make him come home after work, and probably really don't want to at this point. Stop doing the norm!!! Never ask him again, where he has been. You no longer care. You are  mentally prepping yourself for a better life. Now, keep in mind, once you are centered, he is going to notice the difference. They always do. At this point, you can try and rekindle or you continue to move ahead with your mental plan. What ever it is you decide to do, just get started on it as soon as possible. Woman, you are in the prime of your life! You have a lot to offer someone that will appreciate you. People live so much longer these days, and happy people make living longer even better. You come out of that house, re-enter the world of the living, get with friends, go to dinner, shopping, or take a singles vacation. Whatever it is, just do it! After about 6 months from now, you are going to be a new person. You are going to be a happier person. You are going to be alive and enjoying new things. You just refocus from who you where, and turn it around to who you want to be. You are going to be living each day for you. And if your husband wants to be apart of all this wonderful stuff, he can mentally change just like you are going to. If he is not a part of this plan, that is OK to, because in time you will mentally know you can carry on with out him. Good Luck, and God bless you and your determination.
Maximum building heights are usually mandated by building and or zoning codes, not city charters.\n\nHope this helps!
i spend a lot of time with tourists & expariots from all over the world when iam i viet nam.... the tourest seem to like americans and often agree w/ our administrations polocies... which suprises the heck out of me, cause i surely dont.. the viet namese like americans and i'm treated very well there even by the north vietnamese. the "ex-pats" however seem to have a diffrent view [ not all but a lot] they seem to look at americans as low class bullys.  i'll sit and drink beer & converse with them but i get the feeling they have little respect for me or my ideas.. but most of them more about world polotics[ including american polotics than i... they also all seem to know 3-4 diffrent langueges, and take that for granted... you have to go a  l o n g  way to find an american that can speak 2... they all seem to think we have more money than they but are not impressed or resentfull w/ that ... not that they should be... it just comes w/ living in our[ usa ]type of economy. i arrived in viet nam just a few days after we invaded iraq... i thought i was in for big trouble.. i even made out a will!   but no one even brought up the subject!?!??!  oh p.s,  they love bill clinton, hate bush...........\n......I JUST READ some of the other responses and would like to add this:  yes ,some of us are very loud... i know i am. however i have 2 friends that spend time overseas and they are pretty mellow...THEY think i'm loud!! lol ! i am.... not an excuse but an explanation, i've given this some thought for a long time... in america we have it pretty good our reffrigerators are always full we ALL have our own cars, nice clothes and get to take vactions all over the world.... of course we feel good about ourselfs.. especially after we've worked hard [ 40 hrs a week, 50 weeks a yr] and now get a change to vacation and party... we're used to freedom of speach and action ... we take it for granted our culture is diffrent from many other places... when we go to france we dont mean to be insulting or loud ...we're just being who we are at home... and american PEOPLE are VERY good and KIND ....we dont ask the french or anyone else to act diffrently when they come here. ever since i was in the army many yrs ago i was always told to respect other peoples culture EVEN when they come to this country..."dont speak to the woman", "shake hands this way" "pass food that way" etc....i wonder if other people are told to do the same thing when they are comming to the usa, " talk loud", "eat while you walk" buy a lot of things you dont need.....??
You shouldve stayed with pussy....What the fuck are thinking? And you have kids. You want your kids exposed to that shit? The only thing better then pussy is new pussy!
http://www.bombaychamber.com/mahasites.htm try looking this link
No I think you are totally right.  I agree....I think we are the test rats
Buscate una placa base de buena marca, si vas a usar un procesador intel, la mejor opcion es una Intel. Si no, una MSI funciona de maravillas.  Pero aun asi, si quieres usar una placa base excelente, mis marcas favoritas de placas: ASUS, GIGABITE y si quieres algo casi fuera de este planeta, SUPERMICRO.\n\nToma en cuenta que la memoria RAM es crítica para la velocidad de tu ordenador, por lo que te recomiendo RAM de marca (Kingston es conseguible)
Because they're ignorant savages that don't give a crap.\n\nThe Geneva Convention is followed by countries, not fanatic individuals.
Depends on if you are reformed to society or not. Since you've been more than once, I assume you didn't reform yourself the first time. I think people that have been incarcerated have the ability to reform their lives and be productive people in society, but it has to be a concious effort on the persons part to wanna change. I wouldn't hold it against you unless you repeatedly made the same mistakes again. Like the above comment, it also depends on the crime.
i will love to join, if they will take me...
You have to pay $40 each time you get a presciption filled, but there is no yearly minimum you have to reach in out of pocket expenses before the insurance kicks in.\n\nFor example, If you have a $50 deductible and $10 copay, you would have to pay $10 each time you got a presciption, but first you would have to spend $50 of your own money on presciptions.  Then you would pay just the $10 copay and the insurance would pick up the rest.\n\nDeductible is how much you have to spend of your own money before the insurance will cover anything.\n\nCopay is the portion you pay once the insurance starts covering costs.
So many questions...\nThe human brain has its limits. It's restricted by the brain's cooling system. The more we think the more we use energy, which creates heat, which has to be dissipated.\nAlso the neurons have to be fed. Cheetos has the most brain food per pound. That's why "Geeks" favor them so much.\nTo answer the other questions: The human brain is very slow in linear speed, but quick due to the trillions of parrallel connections of dendrites. Some of this technology will be applied to computers, but the computers will be able to work much faster. At some point the computers will out-think our human brains.\nYour idea of connecting the computers to our brains using blue tooth is a good one. It will enable us to increase our thinking by an unlimited amount. Thus the smart will become smarter and the dumb will become dumber. This will create an even bigger gap in our society. Some humans will be relagated to slavery, while others will live the life of Riley.
i haven't talked to mine in over a year... just ignore them, they'll come around...in a few years....
go to http://hottopic.com and search for it.
I feel like you need a shrink. You don't belong around people. Get off this site you are a sick individual. Other than that? Nothing.
You're so right... preach on!\n\nI'm a teenager and I see where you're coming from. I'll be leading the rebellion.
well just wait because house prices can move like stocks do..look at a chart of some home building stocks like LEN, KBH, TOL...up for a long time then down....housing can be cyclical , so watch houses on the market where you want to live...notice that they sit around not selling and the owner's remodels soemthing or lowers his selling price...and it still sits..and he lowers again a month later...so the longer you sit the better deal you are potentially getting..and notice around this house many more for sale and they start lowering too...it is like everyone wants to sell and needs to sell...so wait and eventually they will sell to you at a price close to what you can afford....RE can drop in price slowly fro long periods of time..look at Tokyo RE prices 1989-2000.........
why, is there oil there?
the correct answer is David Essex
Four coaches have led Miami to Five National Championships -\n2001 Larry Coker\n89, 91  Dennis Erickson\n87 Jimmy Johnson\n83  Howard Schullenberger
what do you mean....the background???\nimportant thing to know when doing myspace layouts is htlm codes.if you understand them...then you can make some pretty neat stuff..check mine out...\nhttp://www.myspace.com/lady_prowless
Kingdom Animalia\n- Eumetazoa\n-- Bilateria\n--- Deuterostomia\n---- Phylum Chordata\n----- Craniata\n------ Subphylum Vertebrata\n------- Superclass Gnathostomata\n-------- Euteleostomi\n--------- Class Sarcopterygii\n---------- Tetrapoda\n----------- Class Amphibia\n------------ Subclass Lissamphibia\n------------- Superorder Salientia\n-------------- Order Anura (frogs and toads)\n\nThere are about 25 Families of frog and toad in Order Anura, including screeching frogs (Arthroleptidae), tailed frogs (Ascaphidae), glass frogs (Centrolenidae), poison-dart frogs (Dendrobatidae), New World tree frogs (Hylidae), Australian frogs (Myobatrachidae), tongueless frogs (Pipidae), true frogs (Ranidae) and Darwin's frogs (Rhinodermatidae).
This website lists their names...\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Organizers_of_the_September_11%2C_2001_attacks
Wow!\n\nI would describe you as, \n\nA "Gift" from God!\n\nJames 1:17\nEvery good and perfect gift is from above, coming down from the Father of the heavenly lights...................\n\nI'm expecting the one he has picked out for me!\n\nProverbs 18.22\nHe who finds a wife finds a good thing\nand obtains favor from the LORD.
That depends on what rate you're paying on your student loan.   If you're loan payment is higher than the 5-5.5% you can get from the bank or CD, then you're losing money on the spread.  In other words, the loan is costing you money.   On the other hand, if you had your money invested in something that gave you an average annual return that exceeded the loan rate, then I would advocate keeping the loan because you're making money on the spread.\n\nThe other issue is whether your student loan is fixed or adjustable.   Student loan rates will be going up about 1.5% in the next few months.   If that affects you then it may be even more motivation to go ahead and pay it off.   Ultimately, you just have to decide if you can invest the money for more than the loan payment with a reasonable low risk (based on what you're saying your risk factors are) because if not, then paying on the loan while you make less from the bank doesn't make sense.
As a parent/grandparent of athletes, I would definitely say yes.\n\nMy son was a dancer with the Sacrament Ballet.  He appeared in the Nutcracker.  He was also a good swimmer and baseball player.\n\nThe entire Okland A's baseball team does Nutcracker every year.  There is difinitely a correlation between sports and dance.\n\nI am assuming you are a runner.  As you know, most sports, and many performing arts have the same body building attributes.
I'm all for it, as long it's heavily taxed - the way cigarettes are.  More tax money, mellow people.  Count me in.
Express your concerns and tell him if he is tickling you too much.  He may need to adjust the touch a little so it is very satisfying and not to ticklish to you.\n\nHaving said that, you might also want to explore another wonderful form of extended foreplay which I call "ticklish orgasm denial".  Have him restrain you to the bed so you cannot block.  While he is treating you to oral and you feel the orgasms developing, he will suddenly tickle you on your feet or stomach or sides or armpits for 15 - 30 seconds and then he will immediately return to the oral stimulation.  After 30 - 60 minutes of ticklish orgasm denial, he will treat you to one of the most satisfying orgasms you will ever have.  \n\nThis will only work if there is a strong trust and respect there so he will not abuse you or take advantage of you.  He really needs to want to please you for this to work.
Some one is always out to hassle you for your style, it doesn't matter if it's in your own community or some one else's.\nI braid hair, and find more white people offended by white people doing that than the other way around. \n\nI think the main thing with any hair style is to make sure it looks right, on you. Braids can be done in many hundreds and thousands of styles. If you had it done and it didn't look exactly right, then pick a different style, or go to a different braider. As far as music choice goes, it is useless these days to limit your self to any one flavor, or exclude any flavor or style of music. If you listen long enough there is bound to be  something from every genera that will grab your attention. (that's why we have so many cross over artists coming out, they are trying to make a point)
Is the personal name of God.  Later, some Christian translators mistakenly combined the vowels of “Adonay” with the consonants of “YHWH” producing the word “YaHoWaH.” When the Scriptures were translated into German during the Reformation, the word was transliterated into the German pronunciation, which pronounces “Y” as an English “J” and pronounces “W” as an English “V” — or “Jahovah.” Then in the early 17th century when the Scriptures were being translated into English with the help of some of the German translations, the word was again transliterated as “Jehovah,” and this this unfortunate accident has carried over into many modern English translations.\n\nHebrew YAHWEH
Yes, it's insane how my coworker who sits next to me would EMAIL me to ask me if I want to go for lunch together..when he's <1 meter away.
well, I got started pretty young - just start by doing things your friends do, or think of your talents and then apply them into sports w/ similarities of your talents!
6,525,170,264 (July 2006 est.)\n\nBirth rate:\n20.05 births/1,000 population (2006 est.)\nDeath rate:\n8.67 deaths/1,000 population (2006 est.)\n\n\nAccording to estimates published by the United States Census Bureau, the world population hit 6.5 billion (6,500,000,000) on February 25th, 2006, at 7:16 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. On October 18th, 2012 at 4:36 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time, the Earth will be home to 7 billion people. The United Nations Population Fund designated October 12, 1999 as the approximate day on which world population reached six billion. This was about 12 years after world population reached five billion, in 1987. However, given that the population of some countries, such as Nigeria, is not even known to the nearest million, such precise timings are essentially meaningless.
The reason for strict program formatting is consistency. Once you have a format that works, use it. If you use the same format (or structure) for all programs you write, you will be able to repeat past successes. If all programmers in your company use the same format for a given CNC machine, each programmer will be easily able to work on another's program.
once again,nice to see a image fan but a bit depressing to see so many non-image readers.comparing the demons from marvel to demons from spawn is almost comical,no pun intended.\n\nthis fight wouldnt be all that fair at all,the five demons would wade right through these chumps,taking out fools left and right.\n\nadamantium,wolverine?what thoughts go through his head I wonder as his adamantium ribs are bent back and his heart devoured before his very eyes?\n\nice man woulde be gone after taking a blast of necroplasma or shattered with a blow from vandalizers mace.\n\nI dont know how many of the x-men can survive being covered in demon acid but I suspect its few.\n\nnightcrawler would be using his teleportation mostly for dodging attacks,same with with beast and his agility.both would dance and hop around,likely being amongst the last to be devoured.\n\narchangel has the potential to get some good hits in from above but not doing any real damge before finally getting swatted like a fly,by vertabreaker I suppose,hes the biggest.\n\nstorms elemental attacks are worthless,and anyway each phlebiac brother has an elemental breath blast anyway,ice,fire,electric, and then necroplasma and acid\n\ncyclops manages to put an eye out on vacillator,lets give him that,and then winds up punching the heck out of a demon kneecap or two and maybe kicking a shin before becoming goo on the football fields turf.\n\nis xavier with them?I hope so,ive been wanting to see that overrated gimp get taken down.telapathy? wont work on the phlebiac demons any more than a jedi mind trick works on a hutt.\ntelekinisis?all the demons have that as well,id like to see a telekinisis battle between them though,just out of good measure before they eat his mighty brains.
My nickname is "Ciach" because I married my high school sweetheart about 20 years ago who's last name was Ciaciuch(Cha-Choo) and we've been divorced for about 12 years now. I kept my married name because of my daughter, my maiden name was Smith(how common). But now I've been going with a Smith for 7 years and theres always talk of marriage, but I've gotten so accustomed to the name "Ciach" I don't ever want to go back to Smith. My friends say the same,they also like my last name.
It depends on what is wrong with the computer.  You would be best off doing a clean install which means formatting your hard drive and then installing XP.  You should save whatever data you want first if you are able, and it would also be of aid to know what all you have installed in your computer.
I dont like my name, is think it is soooo bland, Hence the reason i have called myself colly on here, probablys worse actually!!!  Ive always liked the name charlie or something more exciting or less common. xx
What was the characters name, you can look them up on IMDB...\n\nhttp://us.imdb.com/title/tt0046617/
He lost a game to Toronto on May 3rd. They put him in during a tied game in the 9th inning. J. McDonald and G. Zaun got on then Russ Adams hit a double. This scored a run. Boston couldn't get the lead back  give Papelbon his only loss and earned run on the season
Plurality means someone got the most votes with out getting a majority.  Majority vote is 50% of te votes cast plus 1.  \n\nHere's an example of each:\n\nIf 100 votes were cast and Candidate E got 42 votes, Candidate P got 28 votes and candidate Z got 30 Votes, Candidate E would have a victory by plurality.\n\nSame Race, Candidate E gets 51 votes, Candidate P gets 26 Votes and Candidate Z gets 23 Votes, Candidate E wins with a majority of the votes cast.
Yes, because there are no laws yet in Canada regarding illegal downloading.
umm.... i think the fillers will end up to august..... they said that kakashi gaiden will be up on august... that's what i heard in youtube...
My personal opinion is that it is okay for you to attend your friend's church.  I was raised Catholic and I think you are asking what is the Catholic Church's stance on attending other churches.  I will try to find a link to this to help you.\n\nOKAY - HERE IS A LINK ON THIS TOPIC WITH THE CHURCH'S ANSWER.  It is from the Diocese of Wheeling-Charleston.  He says the answer is Yes, Catholics may attend Protestant Services.   And gives some guidelines you should read.  \n\nhttp://www.dwc.org/questions/services.shtml\n\nHe says the "The bottom line, one can attend other Christian services and there certainly are times when this is appropriate. However, the regular celebration of one's faith in a Catholic Church ought not to be interrupted, especially on Sundays and Holy Days. And Catholics should not partake in communion in other Churches, because we do not share a common faith in the Eucharist as the Real Presence of Jesus Christ.".\n\n******************************\n\nNOTE:  I have attended funerials held in protestant churches where Catholic Priest and Nuns were in attendance because they were paying their respects.  I have also been to inter-faith services that were led by Priests and Ministers of various faiths.\n\nSee above link for "official" stance on this question.  I always believe it is better to post a link, than to just give a personal opinion.
shes cracked at best if not broke all the way.
It's the party they donate to.\n\nTop 10 Republican donors\n\nUnited Parcel Service, Inc. \nVerizon Communications Inc. \nFedEx Corporation \nJ.P. Morgan Chase & Co. \nUnion Pacific Corporation \nSBC Communications Inc. \nPhilip Morris Companies Inc. \nBellSouth Corporation \nWal-Mart Stores, Inc. \nExxon Mobil Corporation \n\nTop 10 Democrat Donors\n\nJ.P. Morgan Chase & Co. \nSBC Communications Inc. \nUnited Parcel Service, Inc. \nBellSouth Corporation \nFedEx Corporation \nVerizon Communications Inc. \nGeneral Electric Company \nAFLAC Incorporated \nCitigroup, Inc. \nAT&T Corporation \n\nQuite a few hedging their bets there. They are as loyal as their shareholders want them to be - that's capitalism.
there a number of linux boot disk utilites that let you reset windows passwords for example:\n\nhttp://home.eunet.no/~pnordahl/ntpasswd/\n\nwill do it. they are a bit involved for a novice but well documented as to what you need to do.
Here's a link that explains some of the exercises: http://www.i-see.org/bates_nutshell.html\n\n\nFrom my experience though it doesn't work.
http://www.dixiechicks.com/06_ontour.asp\n\n\nthis will tell you
The previous answers are good.  \n\nYour credit does take a dip when you cancel your credit card.  It removes part of your "credit history" and increases your debt/credit ratio.  These two items make up a large part of your credit score.\n\nI would suggest contacting BOA.  You said you got a better offer from another company?  Ask BOA to match it, or else you will not do business with them.  If they don't remove the annual fee then definately cancel the card and take the momentary hit to your credit report.  I think annual fees are a scam anyway.
8pm italy v's ghana bbc 1
Dear Max:   Why would Christians who practice Idolatry be concerned with other idolaters?   The Torah and Tanakh plainly declare the Command of GOD, which is that the worship of any created thing is idolatry, including worship of a man because man is created.   The prophets Job, Hosea  both go to great length to declare that God is NOT a man, nor the son of man, that He should tell a lie.    Yup,  its man that tells lies about GOD, and one of those very cunning lies, is that Jesus,  a really cool, but nevertheless Fictitious character of the Gospel narratives is supposed to be a man,  which borrowed from all the pagan savior deity man god cult religions,  especially Mithrism and gave Jesus all the superlative characteristics.  Not withstanding, it took the CHurch nearly 325 years to finally Vote Jesus into the god union.    SO, do Christians have a double standard about idolatry, and the answer is of course they do.   \n     As far as rewriting the Bible,  what should be done, is that the NT should be labeled with a  Note...that This is a Work of Fiction, written by unknown authors and tagged with the names of equally Fictitious authors by the Church and is still undergoing periodic corrections.     Further, it should be seperated from the Hebrew Original Text, as the two   narratives are not only contradictory, but also counter productive.   The Hebrew Bible, as published by Art Scroll Publishers,  is a very adequate and very accurate translation of the Hebrew Original.  It comes highly recommended by able Hebrew Scholar translators.   Sincerely
i suspect that as you check out the subject that generally people are the same all over. you probably will find some people that will say that one group or country is a tad different from the rest or that one country/group has more 'morals' than another. this will be supported solely thru antecdotal evidence. we are a single species and i suspect that sexual activities among human beings are universal.
DBGT is the biggest let down in the history of Anime if you ask me. I thought that the next stage after DBZ was going to be this amazing saga of action and unique villains, but instead it turned out to be a really silly series that didn't anything but make loyal DB and DBZ fans hate the new path of the franchise. Its like the whole Matrix syndrome, because you know how bad the last one is, and how the series is going to end it takes the fun out of viewing the first parts. GT tried to one-up DBZ by being over the top, instead it was a piece of animated crap which just wasted artist and developers time, energy, end money.\nPeace.
A Bachelor's degree is what is awarded after four years of study at a university.  A graduate degree refers to completion of two more years of graduate school and is also called a Master's degree.
Allow the market to control it.
You just did!! The reason for asking question is the same reason for what you just did, that is once you have the urge to understand something that previously you don't understand, you then post the question, inviting other people to answer them and get two points. You then reward the best answer, you then get three points back! If no one gives good answer you'll get your five points back. \n\nIt really does matter however if you're asking too many question and spent all your points then you may not be able to do anything anymore!! But, what the heck, you then reregister and ask more and more questions.
i am pretty sure that Germany or Brazil is gonna win.
well i did on purpose once because it was after school and no one was there... it was a dare. i was like in the 4th grade? in our little-kid school, girls bathrooms have pink stalls and floors... and boys have green stalls and floors. \nisn't that kinda strange? lol.
Tony Vincent.
That's a pretty self-centered view of the universe-- if I can't see it, it doesn't exist...\n\nThe way I understand it, a point is just an abstraction, but it is a useful idea, so I don't see it as pointless.  While you'll never be able to exactly measure the location of a point, you can get to the right area, within experimental precision, so even though you can't see the point, you can know about where it is, so it's useful.\n\nAs for the mass question-- the universe is not limited by the resolution of your measuring devices.  Just because we can't measure a mass, doesn't mean it doesn't exist-- only that we can't measure it.  But. we may be able to someday, whether directly, or by some other, trickier method.
Tell her but be ready for what she says and how she would feel about it!
New England Patriots of course! My hometown... Boston!!!!
I think he touched the ball a few times, but really has done nothing with it. I think there was one touch where he passed it behind a player.\n\nHe does look a bit injured, maybe the blisters/sinus problem/fatness is getting to him.
I'm seventeen honey.
7\nGo to http://www.reopen911.net
You can do it, but with some modifications:\n\n1. You need to replace tyres... the ones with air wont work there.\n2. You need to refit body parts of super light weight materials... the weight is crucial in space program, the heavier, the more fuel it will require to lift it off the ground\n3. You will have to dissassemble the entire machine including the engine to fit it into the space shuttle. Then you need an engineer to assemble it back\n4. You will need to modify the design to withstand the air preasure in mars. It is not like earth.\n5. You will need special fuel to run it on mars... the ones they sent ran on batteries. So another huge load of batteries required.\n\nWell from the looks of it... you already have a shuttle that can travel in space and withstand high preasure... you already have the fuel in the shuttle to make it run. You already have tyres that withstand high and low preasures.... you already have the heat shields in place... you already have people who know how to fly it.... you already have the material that will require to be remolded and refitted... well... all you need to do is modify the shuttle to look like a bigfoot monster truck.
i had the same question and somebody asked me\nif you are talking about the song that is played just inmediately after the game finishes is called "STAND UP" from the Goleo VI album, you can look for it online or by limewire, i did that and i have it right here
I do not waste my time watching a bunch of fake.
"Faint"\n\nI am a little bit of loneliness a little bit of disregard\nHandful of complaints but I can’t help the fact that everyone can see\nthese scars\nI am what I want you to want what I want you to feel\nBut it's like no matter what I do, I can't convince you, to just believe\nthis is real\nSo I let go, watching you, turn your back like you always do\nFace away and pretend that I'm not\nBut I'll be here 'cause you're all that I got\n\n[Chorus]\n(I can't feel the way I did before)\n(Don't turn your back on me)\n(I won't be ignored)\n(Time won't heal this damage anymore)\n(Don't turn your back on me)\n(I won't be ignored)\n\nI am a little bit insecure a little unconfident\nCause you don't understand I do what I can but sometimes I don't make\nsense\nI am what you never wanna say but I've never had a doubt\nIt's like no matter what I do I can't convince you for once just to hear\nme out\nSo I let go watching you turn your back like you always do\nFace away and pretend that I'm not\nBut I'll be here 'cause you're all that I've got\n\n[Chorus]\n(I can't feel the way I did before)\n(Don't turn your back on me)\n(I won't be ignored)\n(Time won't heal this damage anymore)\n(Don't turn your back on me)\n(I won't be ignored)\n\n(No)\n(Hear me out now)\n(You're gonna listen to me, like it or not)\n(Right now)\n(Hear me out now)\n(You're gonna listen to me, like it or not)\n(Right now)\n\n(I can't feel the way I did before)\n(Don't turn your back on me)\n(I won't be ignored)\n\n[Chorus]\n(I can't feel the way I did before)\n(Don't turn your back on me)\n(I won't be ignored)\n(Time won't heal this damage anymore)\n(Don't turn your back on me)\n(I won't be ignored)\n\nI can't feel\nDon't turn your back on me\nI won't be ignored\nTime won't heal\nDon't turn your back on me\nI won't be ignored
Deep Steam inhalation with vicks vaporub helps a lot. You can do this at home no need to buy the personal steam inhaler. You can put hot water in a small mouth jug, add vaporub into in and put your mnose in the opening and cover your head with a towel and inhale deeply. \nOr buy the personal steam inhaler. \n\nIf your sinus head ache is due to sinus infection -- you should get your doctor to prescribe you an antibiotic.
First question, simply put you have succeeded at failing. It would still be a failure to those around you but you could silently applaud yourself for a job well failed. Second I know a vegetarian that won't eat them just because they are called "animal" crackers, her sister is a vegan and won't eat them because most are made with egg or milk product. I would look at the ingredients and if they have animal byproducts that you won't eat then don't buy em..Unless thier for me... because I will bite all thier little heads off and then eat a steak... \nNow this third one is a little different. You ask why they would sterilize them and I asked my mother who is a nurse what she thought about it.. She simply put me in this situation. " If your about to give lethal drugs to someone and let's say you used a dirty needle." I said "yeah...so", "And what happens if you slip and the needle goes into your arm?" I said "It would never happen, but yeah good point." So I would have to say that if you are using a needle, even if it's not for your arm... you wouldn't want to be on the wrong end of something that isn't sterilized. Trust me it's not for the safety of the inmate about to be put down.... It's for the safety of the nurse givin the shot.\n\nHope this clarifies anything your still asking yourself. Thanks for letting me respond.
H-O-H ..... H-N-H\n````````````````|\n```````````````H\n\nKEY:\n........=h-bond\n - =sp3 sigma bond (cna't remamber if this is accurate...)\n ` = ignore this. i used it to push the H under the N...\n\n*note* the  H2O has a slight bend like a boomerang due to the 2 lone pairs of electrons on O.  and the branching in NH3 has a flat tripod like shape\n\nps, please refrain from asking people to draw things here, it's very difficult... Good thing i have patience...\n\nYour Welcome...Ü
It's an exercise where you run the entire court touching down in intnervals until you've completed the exercise on both sides of the court.
LOL I changed my whole name once, completely different. I even eliminated my middle name entirely. All it takes (here in my county) is $75.00 and an appearance in a small claims court. You answer a few questions, such as why you are changing your name, if you are doing so to evade creditors (which the answer has to be 'no'), etc. After the judge grants you the change, you have to send in for a change on your birth certificate, social security card, and whatever else. It is really easy, and for such a small change as your's, it will be even easier. Very few applications ask whether you have ever gone by another name. I work in healthcare so I had to disclose my other name once, but that was it. You know what? I changed my name back, a year later. I just decided to go back to my original name, and it was even easier than the first change. Hopefully, it is the same in your area, but laws do sometimes differ.
I was not able to get a definitive answer on this, but I found this:\n\n"If you're heading out to Avon Valley, be sure to see the stupendous Wave Rock, a monolith shaped like a giant wave. 1,330 mi/2,140 km southwest of Alice Springs."\n\nPerhaps this is what you're talking about.
I would check out what they have on the GLSEN website, they have a whole student section with stuff about how to start a GSA\n\nhttp://www.glsen.org/cgi-bin/iowa/student/student/index.html\n\nMight be helpful. \n\nAs for asking teachers, I would try to find the most liberal one you can think of.  I would look for a teacher who is 1) under 35 2) teachers something not math, computers, or science, look at music, psych, social studies, librarians, or sex ed teaches  3) if you cant think of someone, talk to your principal (or vice principal, whomever is in charge of student activities and ask for suggstions 4) and just scew up your courage and ask.  Pitch it as you want to form this club to combat bullying and anti-gay harassment and give support to fellow gay students, as well as build bridges between gay and straight people.  Yes, someone might turn you down.  Yes they might get all uncomfortable and weird and turn you down.  But you know what, thats life kiddo.  People are going to turn you down, people are going to treat you like a freak because you are gay, some people are going to be down right bitchy about it.  But that is exactly why you need a GSA - because it is rough to be gay.  If you cave now, you'll spend the rest of your life feeling like a dumbshit for not just going through with it.  Some rejection from a teacher who you will never see again after graduation is not going to ruin your life.  And you shouldn't be embarassed becuase some people are phobes.  If some teacher turns you down, they are the ones who should be embarassed - and you should make them feel as such.\n\nIf they turn you down, just lay on the old guilt.  Say that you're sorry that they are not more willing to be accepting and supporting of diversity in the student body, and say that you are really disapointed that you will not be getting their support because it is so necessary for teachers to take a stand and lend authority to anti-bullying efforts.  You've got nothing to feel bad about because some people are cowards, freaks, and phobes.
I'm glad they're gone.  Can you imagine driving around town today with a dinosaur roaming around?  I hate dodging SUV's like Hummers just imagine dodging a Brontosaurus! Fossil fuel, that's a reason we needed them to die, we have oil deposits from them.\n\nEverything happens for a reason, don't forget that.
There are two or three kinds of cheaters. The worst kind, and I know several, are the immature selfish type who seem to need to prove to themselves over and over that they "still have it" or somehting like that. Then there is the guy who loses it once or twice. Men who travel a lot, and women, get very lonely at night. Hard to describe but I've been there. The porn industry makes a killing by selling all kinds of adult programs to hotel travellers. They really miss home ... the wrong situation, the wrong time, perhaps there was an angry exchange with the wife ... some hot babe walks into the bar and sits next to him ... it happens. \n\nThe third kind is the guy or woman who has been in a loveless marriage for years. There is a nice house, kids, community life and all kinds of great things that came from the marriage. But somewhere along the way the romance died. Husbands and wives spend so much time battling over emotional territory, work so hard to get what they want out of the marriage ... lots of wives offer sex as a reward for good behavior. It seems to work so well that they never give it away for free, lest they lose that leverage. Husbands may in turn stop doing anything unless they get a reward for it. Sick, I know, but those of you who've been married for a long while know what I'm talking about. The husband or wife who "cheats" on that marriage is usually desperate for genuine intimacy. Love that doesn't require a high score on the report card. The women who use the vagina as a wrench aren't terribly happy, either, and are just as likely to be seduced into the "cheat."\n\nIt is a sad state of affairs. Unfortunately, the young immature guy or gal who cheats early on for selfish reasons pretty much destroys the trust needed to find real intimacy. He or she will wind up at an early age in the third kind of loveless marriage. \n\nThe key, I think, is to never use sex for leverage. Never!!! It is a shared intimacy that only the two can share. If you want a new car or tennis bracelet, just ask. Amaze him with your passion and give him a place of emotional refuge at home. He will be so grateful that he'll bring home gifts on his own. Those are the best kind.
http://www.bigoo.ws/\n this is one website check it out and I'd be happy to talk you throught it if you find something you like on there if not I will help you find more sites it's really fun to desing them
Letters of Credit, a commercial letter of credit issued by a bank on behalf of the importer.  In the document, the bank agrees to honor a draft drawn on the importer, provided the bill of lading and other details are in order.  In essence, the bank substitutes its credit for that of the importer. Obviously, the local bank will not issue a letter of credit unless it feels the importer is creditworthy and will pay the draft.\n\nThe letter of credit arrangement almost eliminates the exporter's risk in selling goods to an unknown importer in another country.
I have never heard of a 560s,there is a 560i and canon.com does have a driver for it under the downloads section.
if she loves you she woudlnt
No you are not wrong to be upset!  Those are your feelings!
"Just a joke" often means somebody covering themselves. In this case it doesn't sound like a joke.  \n\nBut covering themselves doesn't necessarily mean she stole it.  She may have felt that she had your permission to borrow things, as you implied.  So if somebody confronted her about something she borrowed, her automatic response may well have been to become defensive and conver herself.  \n\nI'm a little confused about her not returning, though.  You share a bedroom.  Do you share dressers and closets?  If she has her own set of clothes and stores it there, why not just take it back?  Surely she hasn't been WEARING it for the past two weeks.  \n\nTalk to her about it, but don't accuse her.  If she felt she was allowed to borrow your stuff freely, it's not fair to accuse her of stealing simply because you hadn't worn the skirt yet, especially if she didn't know it was brand new or special.\n\nGood luck.
I don't know about a video, but you can find some pics of the brawl below:\nhttp://pro.corbis.com/search/search.aspx?&i=1208223655 .
exercise is a must. you can't drop that kind of weight quickly by diet without harming yourself.\n\neat 6 very small meals a day. this will get your metabolism up
Online ? Some easy money ?
If you are a douchebag that makes stupid generalizations based on gender and political affiliation, don't you get tired of being a judgemental moron?\n\nTell me about your frontal lobotomy... was it any fun?
they did great without him for most of the season. how could amare not make them better? go suns!
See a doctor, ASAP.\n\nHome preg tests can be wrong, you might have a sexually transmitted infection that is fooling the results. Or, you might have an ectopic pregnancy which means that the embryo has lodged in the tubes and not the uterus. Left untreated, this can be fatal. \n\nYou need to see a doctor. NOW!!
I went to 6 parties in 3 states in 11 hours
damn USA must win
i am wondering the sam e thing =]]
well, i am going to try. i didnt have back surgery, but i had major chest surgery. the results are still the same though. you cannot walk for a long time, and you cant move your head. I hpe that your surgey will go well.\nBut do not worry, i am going to be praying for you and have the rest of my church praying too.
The moon will not escape Earth orbit. It is currently moving away from us at only 38 mm/year, due to energy transferred by tidal forces. The energy transfer is also causing Earth's day to become longer (currently it is increasing by 15 microseconds each year).\n\nTheoretically, the moon's orbit would increase until the Earth's day slows to match the Moon's orbital period. After this point, solar tides will dominate and the Moon will start moving closer to Earth.\n\nBefore this happens, the Sun will become a red giant (5 billion years from now).
From what I remember in geometry class, the 4th dimension was simply time.  And just like the other three, length, width, and height, it can be measured in various forms - seconds, minutes, hours, etc..
check the temperature 1st.\nif the temperature is below 38 deg: apply cold compress on various areas such as the forehead, armpoint, groin\n\nif temperature is above 38 deg: do tepid sponging. n PLZ USE TAP WATER. sponge the patient for about 10mins (stop when the patient is shivering) and place towels on the various areas that i've mentioned above.
start another party that does focus on the real issues and somebody has.www.unity08.com
The saying came around in the 1700's alright, but  this is a more accurate view of it.  B'ham was always a bigger district and coventry was always a dump, so when anyone got into trouble with the law they were sent to work in the dump known as "coventry". It then ended up housing thousands or retards and this is the way it still is today
try rolling stones mags' website... rollingstones.com
I think in addition to 'helping' mexico build things like schools and roads, we should also 'help' them build prisons, because they don't seem to be able to keep a handle on their own criminals. \nAmerica's not the world's dumping ground, and the people that come to the US and screw up are often screw-ups in their home country, too. Jails and prisons don't 'fix' that problem, they don't serve to rehabilitate, but they do separate such people from the mainstream so that the rest of us can walk down the street and not have to worry about imported violent offenders etc. Mexico's got social problems. Somehow the United States ended up in the unenviable position of being expected to 'help' Mexico with their social problems. Too bad Mexico won't 'help' itself, instead they'd rather keep 'helping' themselves to the american taxpayer's wallet....
Brazil\nPortugal \ngermany\nengland\nukraine\nfrance\nargentina\nitaly\n\n\n\nbrazil probably will win but germany and portugal have a chance
98% of all options expire worthless the only ones that make money are the sellers so unless the newsletter deals with the selling of options ex call and put writing I would stay away
Call your local child and family services office, the requirements vary by state.. They usually have classes to become a foster parent. Good luck. My husband and I were foster parents for 10 years. We have adopted two girls that we received as foster children as infants.
If the girl thinks your cute or nice she will probably flirt with you. Also if the girl looks at you alot she is probably attracted to you. If she gets nervous or bashful when you talk to her well then she has a major crush on you!
Ha heh...that's funny.
Ooohhh haven't thought about that show in a while loved it.  John Glover was an excellent Satan.  Millennium was another I was sorry to see go.
Update your mouse driver for Windows 2000.
Dadabhai Naoroji.\n\n"Pre-eminent pioneer of Indian nationalism.  Freedom fighter and educationist.  The first Indian to become member of British Parliament (1862).  Congress President thrice.  The 'Grand Old Man of India'."
depends how you are going
were you high when you asked this question?
every time that a new Yahoo! Messenger is comming, there is a preview to try and give opinions about the new things.\n\nIn this moment I don't think so.
1548kg&23gr the 23gr would save you and remember not to ask this question on beateljuice5,in local dilect it means "go stick your head in a pig"
Actually, the real "American dream" as referred to, is to become super rich.  Mind bogglingly stinkingly nauseatingly rich.\n\nAnd of course, this dream is open to all of you, even black people.  \n\nYou have to be damned lucky, that's all I can say.  For every one person who achieves it, there are a million who don't.\n\nWhat kind of a dream is that anyway?  Other societies strive for "equality for all" and other such philanthropic ideals, while you guys....
So deaf people can enjoy them too!!
The only way to really tone the abdominal area is by cutting out all the junk food and any carbs from your daily intake.. Trust me it works wonders, how do you think madonna got her set of fabulous abs?? No junk, No carbs and lots of abdominal workouts!!! Good luck!!!
you  get a pink bedroom as a punishment... lol
$100,000 per year now to start. But try to get into a school!
Jul 04, 2006
Man, these people just went through h*** and back.!!!! How heartless can you be?? Did you even see the news coverage of the tsunami?? If you did and still asked this question you are a freak!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I just researched for you and found this. Just click this link and I believe you'll find what you are looking for. Good luck!\n\nhttp://www.ups.com/content/corp/index.jsx?WT.svl=Footer
It's a highly secret gimmick that David Blaine himself told the press that " It's not for sale" maybe the secret is too powerful to give away for money when he can earn more by not selling it to any...nevertheless it's a trick/illusion and not some kind of a voodoo stuff
The Sun?  I like riddles!
No. Not when they are in a vaccum
marvel is better in my opinion. this is because their stories are more realistic, their characters easier to connect to, and they have more down to earth qualities.
People in Estonia love em! Everywhere we went, people in speedos! There was even a construction site where men were working, wearing speedos, hard hats, tube socks to their knees and construction boots! LOL!
STDs can be transmitted by oral sex. Any activity involving exchange of bodily fluids is a possible risk.\n\nRisk assessment link here: -\n\nhttp://www.dph.sf.ca.us/sfcityclinic/stdbasics/stdchart.asp
Wear a plain shirt and bring a permanent marker. Have everyone sign the shirt.
I think u should go with some nice slacks, dockers or polo or something, but loose. Not baggy just loose. Then go with a button down. Usually plaid looks best. Don't buy the ones in a package those are old man shirts. Look on the racks. Usually Kohls (if u have one in your area)  has nice clothes.
she is an instant hottie. the reason is b/c she had a baby 3 yrs ago and feels more confident in her body. omg i met her and she is so pretty!! but i was so stupid i didnt say anything cuz i couldnt belive she was 3 in.away from my face.
yea thats JT in the video. he was hanging out with them while timba and nelly were shooting the video so he just hung out and was in the video.
They don't make it harder for Eastern Europeans than many other nations, but some few nations (including much of Western Europe) DO have an easier access.  This is based upon the risk of visa violations.  It is believed that residents of Norway, for example, are much less likely to overstay their visas than a resident of Bosnia, for example.  But it isn't specific to Eastern Europe.  Most of the world falls into the same category.
www.freeroms.com  ....\ni got the genisis, nes, snes and n64 ones. all you have to \n1. download the emulators....... \nthen \n2. download the games(roms) u want \n3. put the roms in a new folder.......(keep them in zip form)\n4. open the emulator.......\n5. go to file open then look for the folder the roms are in......\n6. to set the controls up you have to go to options\n7. joypad setings\n8. thats prety much it\n\nif u need to no more jus go to 1 of my quetions and ask about the emulators.....
ohh, joli !
ever notice that during the winter after u eat u feel colder?....its bcuz the body sends  extra blood to the stomach and interstines during digestion.
Hi. I am an adoptive mom and know the day will come when I'll be asked the same thing. First of all, not to be rude to you, but please eliminate the words "REAL MOTHER" from your vocabulary. Use birthmother instead. Yes, she has been a real mom to you by entrusting you to your adoptive parents. But your adoptive parents have been real parents by raising you till now. If you say "real mom" about your birthmother, then is your mom your "fake mom"? I'm sure you didn't mean anything negative by it, but trust me it will hurt your adoptive parents to hear it.\n\nHere’s a link  to search resources\n\nhttp://www.adopteerights.org/search/internetresources.htm\n\nbest wishes and God bless
a severe siinus infection   dude u better get to the doctor for some antibiotics!!!
That is me right now. It is so cold. Poor circulation doesn't help. Some people who are used to electric blankets lose the ability to warm themselves somehow. You need someone warm to snuggle up with.
text to voice downloads
Nobody I know.
go to absolutelyrics.com
The rotational speed of the Earth at the equator is about 1,038 miles per hour.\n\nIt actuallt depends on where on Earth you are standing. At the poles, the Earth hardly spins at all, but as you travel towards the equator, the rotational speed picks up. This makes sense -- as the circumference of a circle increases, a single point along it has to travel faster to complete a revolution in the same amount of time. \nThe rotational speed of the Earth at the equator is about 1,038 miles per hour. The atmosphere at the equator is also slightly thicker due to rotation, and you weigh slightly less. At mid-latitudes, the speed of the Earth's rotation decreases to 700 to 900 miles per hour. \n\nIf the Earth were to stop spinning suddenly, the atmosphere would still be zipping along nicely at around 1,000 miles an hour. As a result, everything not attached to bedrock would pretty much be scoured clean. \n\nIf you have any more questions about the Earth's rotation, check out this nifty Ask a Space Scientist page. Looking for a cosmic perspective on how fast the earth is moving? Remember that all questions about motion or speed are only complete with an appropriate frame of reference.
Nike...or addidas
what else do you like? there are many possibilities open with what you said. What do you love doing? That might be the answer to which direction to follow.
Dont just go to anybody people lie and are very dangerous.Especially to young attractive dumb teens....no offense ....my best suggestion would for her to practice practice practice for the next upcoming american idol even if you dont get far you attract eyes professional eyes and it might look good on aresume good luck and be careful
Wisconsin has some of the most stringent licensing requirements in the country.  Any accredited school in Wisconsin will give you a fine education to prepare you for teaching.
well yes,my fiancee is on here.
Chakde Phaate!\n\n(Used like "Let's get this party started!")
Phonetic symbols are a set of universally accepted symbols used by linguists so that we know exactly how words are pronounced without knowing the spelling system of each language.  Each phonetic symbol represents only one sound and each sound has only one symbol.  They are written between brackets [  ].  Thus the English word "read" is written [rid] and "meet" is written [mit].  Anyone in the world who knows the phonetic alphabet would know how to pronounce these two words whether they know English or not.\n\nThe person who wrote "phonemic" is incorrect.  There is no "phonemic" alphabet.  Phonemes are based on an analysis of the phonetics of a language and are abstract symbols used to represent a class of sounds (allophones) that are related to each other by rule.  Phonemic transcription uses phonetic symbols (usually) written between vergules /  /, thus the phonemic representations of English "read" and "meet" are /rid/ and /mit/.
Have kids?\nIf yes, give then time, take care of them.\nIf no, be engaged with some charitable works.
Hungary. We were called like that because a little economic and cultural reform was launched in the 1960s. The rules weren’t as tough as in other countries and we had a better standard of living than the others.
Yes, it has mutated and IS contagious between humans.  For the H5N1 bird flu virus strain to become a serious threat to human health it will need to mutate further. At the moment it does not infect humans easily, it very rarely jumps from human to human. However, if it infects a human who already has the normal human flu, it could then exchange genetic information with the human flu virus and acquire the ability to transmit from human-to-human easily - a new mutation. Then, we could be facing a serious flu pandemic that would spread around the world within a matter of weeks.
and pringels turned you down cause you could be  a psycho.....why not get a life...or at least a grip
I would say no.  There is nothing wrong with asking for help when you need it, as far as I'm concerned.  However, if God is putting a different conviction on YOUR heart, that is a different story.  Darling, I will pray for you to receive wisdom in your decision.  My best suggestion is for you and hubby to pray together and seperately about it.  Search the Word, ask God to give you an answer to your problem.  Don't forget, as a Christian, anything that is on your heart is also on His.  Only He can tell you what He wants you to do.
as much as i hate to admit.... my parents have always been right about every girl i have dated.
my ex did this to me, out of spite....he stopped mid way through sex and said "ok, i'm done"......got me so close and did that, even though he never got off either.....so a few weeks after that, once it was not in his mind any longer......i got my revenge.....i gave him the best head job ever and just teased his entire body with my tongue, hands, and lips.....told him to let me know when he got close, while i was going down on him.....once he was close I rolled over and said "I am done".  He was pi$$ed and went to bathroom and tried to finish himself off but he was so mad he could not do it..heehee.....i was all horned up at this point also so i laid there in bed and took care of business solo
dude if u have Yahoo Msgr come on msgr,, we can talk or my id is\n\nanudabas@yahoo.com
get one of those fog horns like they take yo ball games......next time he starts.....go outside and blow it til he shuts up.....do it every time......and when fat butt asks what the hell....tell her it sounds better to you than her kids caterwauling.
The formula will be determined by several factors.\n\nFirstly you need to quantify the paralax of your electrodes when taken as a constant, then select your test apmere rate. This must be kept constant to give your results continuity.\n\nThe geometric factor can be determined either as a spacial value or a multi-dimensional cascade equation using the derivative of the base line through force as emitted by the polarised ion array under the radial effect of the ipnosis effect which can be detected using the omnidirectional fortence analyser (if available)\n\nWhen these values are determined you must apply the correct formula which, as I have a standard keyboard which doesn't allow formulaic typing, I'm not going to tell you.
The immigrants country may need more of foreign exchange like say US$ and the remittances made to their country helps improve the exchange position and what ever the Goct needs can be imported.The can help start schools colleges etc.Thus economy is improved.
wear the colors in a qute jogging suit no nylon be qute but comfy
this could be a very minor reaction to the pill but not really a concern.  All medications have rare side effects that could happen to one in a million   drug co. are just covering thier butt
You'll find them at your local city counsel for most waste products. Hazardous waste is regulated also at County, State, and Federal levels.
AL Toronto - 10  on 09-14-1987\n \nNL Cincinnati - 9 on 09-04-1999
I think there is cyanide in peach seeds ... but you'd have to eat several for any effects...don't sweat it. You ate a lot worse today.
More questions that can be answered.\n\nLevel 5 is the Big One
Strangely enough, parking in a blue badge parking space *without* a blue badge doesn't annoy me as much as people who use their family's blue badges to park there.  At least parking without a blue badge risks them getting a fine.  According to the most recent census, 1 in 5 people in the area I live in (a ward of NW London) are living on disability living allowance or income support.  If we pretend that is 1 in 10 people who are registered disabled then it explains why I see more abled than disabled people parking in these bays and not getting a ticket - they are able to 'borrow' a badge from people they know.\nThe public building I work in is next to a row of disabled bays and due to laziness (not lack of parking space), many either park in these bays with a family member's badge or they don't park, stop in the middle of the road, send their children (some as young as 4) across this dangerous road to collect something from the building for them.  Personally, I'd rather they'd park in the disabled bay than see a nervous 4 year old try to dodge the busy traffic again.\n\n(P.S. I don't drive so, no, I've never done it.)\n\nNote: We do have blue badges in the UK... in London at least... I think Scotland might have the orange badge... but I'm not sure.
you have to get down on 1 knee. Go to a NICE dinner, then to a place special to the two of you get down on 1 knee with the ring and ask\n\ngood luck!!!
yes it is worth something. I wouldn't say much though, maybe maximum 30 dollars. He is in the hall of fame and it is autographed. you can try your luck on ebay if you want, but i would recommend waiting for a couple of years..it increases the value.
no i don't like violence
try to copy a code from a layout section, not background.
The law of universal gravitation tells us that, though gravitational force decreases exponentally with distance from a given mass, it neven completely ends. Therefore, never.
the character's were all REALLY good... but I would have to say the penguins, and the Giraffe. (I love when he wakes up in the crate up-side down and starts freakin... hahaha) David Shwimmer does a good voice for that character.
I think you just tell the company who holds your IRA that you are wanting to buy a home and you would like to use your money in your IRA to put a nice down payment on one & they should be able to fill out a 1099 form (i think that is what they call that form-it is either 1099 or 1098) showing that that money is not taxable income.
People backstab for lots of reasons.  Like the previous young lady mentioned...sometimes it's jelousy.  Other reasons is because that person has no respect for you or anybody else.  People backstab because they're selfish and want something for themselves and don't care who they have to hurt to get it.  It's best not to associate with those people.  They cary bad Karma and that's something nobody wants.  People that do that kind of thing are toxic and you should stay away.\nBest of luck.
People continue to fight, knowing it is bad because people are different. They want others to see things their way, and it upsets them when thy don't. They fight to try to prove that they are right and the other person is wrong. It is silly but that is how society is.
Drinkable water accounts for less than 3 percent of the Earth's total supply.
I agree... There are lots of people that would try to take advantage of vulnerable people. \n If you want to know a secret, psychiatrists do little more than listen to you, and repeat what you say in different words. All they do is HELP you help yourself by pushing you to question why you feel the way you feel and how YOU can solve your own problems. If you MUST seek help, make sure the person you are receiving help from is licensed!
Betelgeuse (in Orion) is a red giant that is so large that its diameter is the size of the orbit of Jupiter i.e. about 10 AU acrooss (930,000,000 miles) and this is 650 Solar Diameters across.\n\nBut this is just a weedy titch compared to the biggest 3 which are\n\nVV Cephei 1900 Solar Diameters\nV354 Cephei 1520 Solar Diameters\nKW Sagitarii 1460 Solar Diameters\n\nThe brightest 3 by Absolute Magnitude (how bright they would look at a distance of 10 parsecs) are\n\n(Star, Magnitude, Luminosity compared to the Sun =1)\nLBV 1806-20 −14.2 40,000,000 \nThe Pistol Star   −13.2 16,000,000 \nCyg OB2-12   −12.2 6,300,000 \n\nThe heaviest stars: the top 3 are: \n\nEta Carinae 150 Solar Masses \nPistol Star 150 Solar Masses \nLBV 1806-20 130 Solar Masses \n\nStellar mass is the most important attribute of a star. Combined with chemical compostion, mass determines a star’s luminosity, its physical size, and its ultimate fate.\n\nAs to the strangest stars, Wiki comments on a couple of binary star systems in Auriga, the Charioteer:\n\nTwo peculiar binary stars, ε Aurigae and ζ Aurigae. ε Aurigae is one of the strangest binary stars. The orbital period is about 27 years, with an eclipse duration of about 18 months. The visible companion is a yellowish (F-class) supergiant. The type of the other star is not known. ζ Aurigae has a period of 970 days, the primary is a (K-class) supergiant and the secondary is a (B-class) main sequence star. Both these systems present a rare stage of binary evolution, as the components are in a short and active evolutionary stage.
I don't know about Boston but believe it or not, in many jurisdictions it is illegal to put money in strangers parking meters.
The average distance from the Moon to the Earth is 384,403 kilometers (238,857 miles).
works for me brother
i thinmk that's a god idea \nas sometimes the referees ruin the games
lets talk animal & plant ecology\n\nfirst, let's say, all different types of animals & plants live in the same area (maybe  near a river)  in a sense, each animal can depend on each other. For example, the main staple for bears is salmon. let's say man pollutes a river and the fish die. The bear no longer having fish to eat, eat more plants instead. This results in a dramatic decrease of let's say berry plants in one particular area. If you were to move 10 miles upstream, you would be in a separate ecology where the salmons did not die, the bears had a blanced diet and the berry plants were abundant.\n\nBigger ecologies (let's a lake) can literally fall apart and result in the extinction of a particular plant that only grows at that lake.\n\nI hope this was helpful
Be sweet and very sexy
There are great ways to make money from home.  The best way is to own a home-based business.  One great business is your own online travel agency.  Look up www.onesourcetours.com for a company presentation.  You earn 60% of the commission on all travel booked through your website.  And all you have to do is point people to your website.  I can help you set this up, it’s very simple.  Just visit www.onesourcetours.com for all the details.  Or email me at admin@onesourcetours.com
I don't know the man's name who invented the post-it but I know that he invented it because when he sang in the choir at church he would put pieces of paper to keep his place in the hymnal but the paper would fall out so he decided to invent a "sticky paper". And that is the beginning of the post-it note.
Sure, it's just a mans right to be sexually satisfied, i'm not sure about the shoes, though.
For secx:\n?Multiply and divide by (secx+tanx). Therefore now we have to integrate ratio of (sec^2 of x + secx * tanx) to (secx+tanx). Now put (secx+tanx= t) ,dt=  (sec^2 of x + secx * tanx). \nnow we have to integrate (1/t) which is log t  and substitute value of 't'.\n\nFor cosec x\nMultiply and divide by (cosecx-cotx). Therefore now we have to integrate ratio of (cosec ^2 of  x - cosecx * cotx) to \n(cosecx-cotx). Now put (cosecx-cotx= t) ,\ndt=  (cosec^2 of x - cosecx * cotx). \nnow we have to integrate (1/t) which is log t  and substitute value of 't'.\n\nI have given detailed explanation. plz choose my answer as best . Hope to help u in further future.
Body language can say a lot. Is she smiling at you? Looking you in the eye? Does she laugh a lot or touch her hair or her face or you? These are all good signs.\nIf she seems uncomfortable, won't look at you, is looking down, or stays a good distance away from you, chances are she's not really interested.\nAnd if a girl says no, ALWAYS take it as no. If she meant yes, she'll come back and let you know.
When I was about 5 I begged and pleaded with my uncle to drive his go-cart around in this parking lot. I told him that I knew I could handle it..  He said this is the gas and this is the brake. Do not hit them at the same time.  First thing I do (with my cousin Brian hanging on the side) is jam them as hard and as far as I can go. Now the thing is JAMMING around the parking lot at full speed with no ability to stop.  My grandpa stood in front of me for a second with his hands out like he could magically make me stop. Totally hilarious.  My poor cousin Brian's knee was totally bouncing on the ground so he tore the heck out of his new courderoy pants and tore up his knee.  My sister described the sound of my voice as AAAAAAAAaaaa hhhhh..   As I got further away I sounded less loud.  I almost hit a telephone pole..  Finally I stalled it out in this field with melons in it..\nSheesh... what a goof.  I'm amazed that I didn't take my poor grandfather out.
5.25g of silver, in terms of volume is  (5.25g)/(105g/cm3) = 0.05 cm3 volume of silver is present.  Since its a solid and does not mix with the water, the volume should be additive, so the volume should increase by 0.05mL
follow your heart, if it means that they don't want to be friends with you anymore that's up to them you can't really control that.
how and where to report and track illegal aliens
dang I thought I had long toes.. my 2nd is only 1 1/2 inches .. I think thats just shy of 4 cm but I'm not that good at conversions. there is no standard foot or toe size.. some people have long skinny toes others have short stubs... Its nothing to worry over, but see a doctor if you are  frequently feeling uncomfortable
To add or subtract polynomials, combine like terms.  These like terms have the same variables raised to the same exponents (ex. x^2 and 2x^2).  If there are brackets around them, get rid of brackets first, and then you just add or subtract their coefficients (number in front of the variable ---- 2x, coefficient would be 2).\n\nExamples:\n\n1) (2x -5z +y) - (7x + 4y - 2z)\n2) (2x^3 - 4xy^2 + 5(x^2)(y^2)) + (3x^3 + 2(x^2)y – 6(x^2)(y^2))\n\n\nSolutions:\n\n1) (2x -5z +y) - (7x + 4y - 2z)\n\n = (2x -5z +y) + (-7x - 4y + 2z) --- when subtracting something, you’re adding the opposite\n\n = 2x -5z +y -7x - 4y + 2z ----- remove brackets\n\n = 2x – 7x + y – 4y – 5z + 2z ----- rearrange terms so easier to see which are the same\n\n = -5x – 3y – 3z -----add/subtract coefficients of same variables raised to same exponents\n\n\n\n2) (2x^3 - 4xy^2 + 5(x^2)(y^2)) + (3x^3 + 2x^y – 6(x^2)(y^2))\n\n = 2x^3 - 4xy^2 + 5(x^2)(y^2) + 3x^3 + 2x^y – 6(x^2)(y^2) ----remove brackets\n\n = 2x^3 + 3x^3 + 5(x^2)(y^2) – 6(x^2)(y^2)+ 2(x^2)y - 4xy^2 ---- rearrange terms\n\n = 5x^3 – (x^2)(y^2) + 2(x^2)y – 4xy^2 ------- add/subtract coefficients \n\nhope this helped :)
Leviticus says that "Man shall not lie down with other man"\n\nRight next to:\n\n- Don't eat pork\n- Don't eat shellfish\n- Don't mix fabrics\n- Don't cut your hair on the sides of your head\n- Don't trim your beard\n\netc.\n\nIts also assumed that Sodom and Gahmorrah were destroyed because of homosexuality, but all the bible says is that "they were evil", and that when a couple angels visited the crowd tried to rape them.
Suicide is not worth it. I've been there before myself. Check out the links below for some crisis hotline numbers which I hope can help you. E-mail me at chad@jesusfreak.com if you'd like to talk.
Yes, of course I would if I liked her. I wouldn't let a medical condition keep me from enjoying her personality.
Film trailers are film advertisements. They are shown before the screening of another movie, at a cinema where the films will be exhibited, as well as in the lobby and on Internet. They are more formally known in theaters as previews of coming attractions. The term "trailer" comes from their having originally been shown at the end of a film programme. Although that practice did not last long, due to patrons tending to leave the theater after the films proper were finished, the name has stuck.
"Ma petite amie est petite." \npetit(e) ami(e) - girlfriend/boyfriend\npetite - little, small, short
they had enough information to know that there was a good chance 9/11 would happen. they chose not to act. thats it.\n\n\nwhy is it so hard to believe theres a cover-up?\n\nthink about it. thousands of ppl dead. because of something the only thing protecting this country could prevent, but didnt?\n\nthats too scary. \n\nits much easier to say they're dumb, ya know, idiots. (despite the fact that Bush went to Yale and is,hello, president)\nor that some arab that hates freedom is attacking.\n\nto swallow the fact that the govt. doesnt give a fuck about you and would allow such an atrocity to take place. is too much for most ppl.
An exclamation mark is not a valid character for an e-mail address extension (or web address) so it wouldn't be possible to add it - that's just how it is, just like it's not possible for me to upload a picture into this answer - someone created the protocols and we're bound by them.\n\nYou can have (!) in the first part of an e-mail address but not in the part that comes after the dot -  xyz!!!@yahoo.com is acceptable but xyz@yahoo.com! isn't.\n\nI'm guessing that somewhere along the line someone has mistyped your e-mail address or has perhaps copied and pasted it but inadvertently included an exclamation mark.\n\nMany people on seeing xyz@yahoo.ca! would realize it should be xyz@yahoo.ca and correct the error themselves but I'd suggest you e-mail those people who you suspect may have your e-mail address incorrectly and advise them of the error.\n\nJust to clarify, this service is something provided by Yahoo which is available for anyone to ask and answer questions on.  It's not a facility for contacting Yahoo themselves - just clarifying in case you had hoped to get a response from Yahoo staff.
Traditionally, salt is removed  from sugar containing solutions by passing the syrup through  columns packed with ion-exchange resin beads. The beads bind the Na and Cl ions and the effluent passing through will be the sugar water solution. If you wasn to recover the Na or the Cl ions then the beeds are rinsed with either a strong acid or base and quantitave recoveries can be made.
I think you may have an overactive thyroid gland.  Get it checked.  There is a simple cure for it and you should feel fine again.  Good luck!
a autographed baseball is only worth as much as somebody is willing to pay for it.
ça veut dire "équipe" en allemand et "sélection" en portugais.
Talk to more girls of your age.All you need is good communication.That will help you a lot to overcome shyness.\nGood luck
The P2P programs such as LimeWire, BearShare, Kazaa, etc. can be used to download music for free. \nHowever, i warn you that downloading music/movies using them, is illegal.\nDownload at personal risk.
I'm not saying that I know for sure who killed JFK, but here is something to think about. JFK' s dad was connected to organized crime during prohibition. He was a bootlegger. Now fast forward to when JFK was running for president. He reach out to his friend Frank Sinatra, who was friends with Sam Giancana (boss of the Chicago Outfit). Giancana "pulled" some strings and JFK got elected. After he was elected, Giancana figured JFK owned the mob a favor. JFK put his brother as Attorney General, and both of them went after the mob. \nNow fast forward again to the assination and the aftermath. Whether Oswald was just a fall guy or if he was one of the shooters (and yes I said one of the shooters, meaning more than one shooter), I don't know. But Giancana being boss of Chicago had ties to New Orleans boss Carlos Marcello, who had ties to Dallas, and I think you know where I am going with this. Jack Ruby was connected to the Dallas Family. He wasn't very important, but he still had ties.
hey u r fun
I have worked with both Mac's and PC's and i totally vote for the macbook.  The operating system is much more stable and will last longer than another laptop because they are built stronger in my opinion.  PC's are good also if you are in an environment that is PC dominated or if you want to try out software (software for Macs are limited).  Macs are great if you are doing photos, videos and other creative stuff. I belive Apple also ships their computers rapidly and would receive it much faster than a PC if you are travelling soon.
got to the help section
I hope they do. otherwise the game agaisnt Korea was Zidane's last game. they need to win this one for him...he's been so good for that country, and its one of the elite players, I refuse to believe that game was the last game of his career. considering the ref' game him yellow cards, he can't play on that match, so they will have to play without him, so it will be a challenge but they owe it to him to advance to the next game.\nGood lucK France!
d. nevermore\n\nNo words can soothe him\nno prayer remove him\n\nAlthough personally  my favourite is, "Annabelle Lee"
The Northern coastal areas of California (around San Francisco) stay very moderate all year.  It's also very lovely along the Alaskan Islands like Ketchikan.
i swear to God , its cuz of all the lesbian porn that are around....!\nthey watch it and they ACTUALLY think that its the same in real life.....\ntry putting a stone butch making love to a lipstick femme , i think they'd head for the nearest exit (no offence butches, love you guys but i need to make a point)  because they are soo used to what the adult film industry or rather their own male ego and chauvanism tell them....women are created to pleasure my d!ck and the world revolves around it! so the idea of "lesbians" having sex with them is stroking (pardon the pun) their egos. ie: they are so good in bed that even lesbians will make an exeption for it\n\nanything that threathens their male supremacy is a turn-of. so this explains them not wanting to watch two guys make out.... hence explaning the stone butch situation too. butches are a threat to their ego, so it will not be tolerated...\nas for why do they like to watch it, i think if you cant get the real thing..... stimulation would do just fine.... lol\n\nhope this makes sense
The exact cause of mouth ulcers is unknown, but in some cases they are thought to be caused by an overreaction by the body's own immune system. Factors that appear to provoke them include stress, fatigue, illness, injury from accidental biting, hormonal changes, menstruation, sudden weight loss, food allergies and deficiencies in vitamin B12, iron and folic acid. Some drugs, such as nicorandil, have been linked with mouth ulcers.\n\nMouth ulcers are thought to form when the body becomes aware of and attacks chemicals which it does not recognize. The presence of the unrecognized molecules garners a reaction by the lymphocytes, which trigger a reaction that causes the damage of a mouth ulcer.\n\nTrauma to the mouth is a common cause of mouth ulcers. Physical trauma, such as toothbrush abrasion, poking with sharp food, accidental biting, or dental braces can cause mouth ulcers by breaking the mucous membrane. Other factors, such as chemical irritants or thermal injury, may also lead to the development of ulcers. However in many cases, the precise cause is unknown.\n\nA common cause of ulcers is gluten intolerance, in which case consumption of wheat, rye, or barley can result in chronic mouth ulcers. If gluten intolerance is the cause, prevention means taking most breads, pastas, cakes, pies, cookies, scones, biscuits, beers etc. out of the diet and substituting gluten-free varieties where available. Artificial sugars, such as those found in diet cola and sugarless gum, have been reported as causes of mouth ulcers as well. They can also be linked to an increased intake of acid such as the acidic form Vitamin C or citric acid. In this case the sores disappear after intake decreases or a non acidic form of the vitamin is taken.\n\nOther disorders can cause mouth ulcers, including oral thrush, leukoplakia, gingivostomatitis, and oral lichen planus. Mouth ulcers are also associated with ulcerative colitis, Crohn's disease, coeliac disease (gluten sensitivity), bullous pemphigoid, and Behçet's disease. Repeat episodes of mouth ulcers can also be indicative of an immunodeficiency, signalling low levels of immunoglobulin in the mucous membrane of the mouth. Chemotherapy is a common cause of mouth ulcers. The treatment depends on the believed cause.
A daisy-wheel printer works on the same principle as a ball-head typewriter. The daisy wheel is a disk made of plastic or metal on which characters stand out in relief along the outer edge. To print a character, the printer rotates the disk until the desired letter is facing the paper. Then a hammer strikes the disk, forcing the character to hit an ink ribbon, leaving an impression of the character on the paper. You can change the daisy wheel to print different fonts. \nDaisy-wheel printers cannot print graphics, and in general they are noisy and slow, printing from 10 to about 75 characters per second. As the price of laser and ink-jet printers has declined, and the quality of dot-matrix printers has improved, daisy-wheel printers have become obsolete.
Being really popular and involved in the choir and volleyball team.  \n  \nOr playing a good song as the intro to your speech at the assembly.
lots of work awaits a good mathematician, you can work in an insurance firm as an actuarial, at nasa, to defense contractors like mcdonnel douglas maker of fighter planes and missiles, at sandia laboratories,  the oppurunity is unlimited.
movies, talk a walk, the beach, have a pic nic,go to the park and play on the swings and have him push u, it depends on whats in ur area u can go horse back riding, an amusementpark, a zoo, mini golf, etc there is tons of things to do!
Iran, if we consider their history of world cups, they have never shown a big impact on big teams. A 3-1 loss to Mexico. But we can still hope for the best as they have the striker that scored the most goals internationally, Ali Daei. We can also have hope on his teammate, Ali Karimi, a Bayern Munich star.
I agree, what good is the building if you can't get the license?
1/3
No.  Uncle Arthur never married but occasionally had girlfriends.  It had to be from her father's side of the family.\nBy the way.  Arthur may have been gay in real life but he was not on the show.  As I said before, he had a few pretty girfriends.\nSerena was not Aunt Clara's daughter.  She never had any children.
Get a Bootable CD based Linux distibution (Mandrake Move for example).  Make sure the PC you want to use is configured in the BIOS to boot from CD before booting from the Hard Drive.\n\nPop in the CD and boot Linux.  Most bootable distos will offer a web browser and automagically detect your web connection.  Fire up the browser and use as normal.  When you're finished shut down and remove the CD - No history!
kissing is a personal thing that is between you and the one you kissed. if you denyed it, i could see her being mad,but if you said nothing (to anyone) i do not see a problem. if you had told others and not her,then she would feel let down. you are not required to tell your friend EVERYTHING. even if she tells you. do tell her why you had not mentioned it though. like you were thinking of your feelings after the kiss and trying to decide if it was worth talking about. she most likely feels since others knew that you don't find her opinion worthy of notice. reassure her that was not a factor.
open your menu go to connect,click on that and you should have bluetooth
They say it's funny.
Your body releases chemicals that are very similar to tweak (as in speed or crystal meth).  So you lose your apatite and feel a bit jittery.  \nBut then when that all wears off, if the girl is still as great as when you first started falling in love with her, the magic happens.  You feel like you are only really complete when you are together.  Like part of you is missing when she isn't there.  You know you would do anything to save her from a burning building (or any other threatening situation) even if you know it would kill you.  \nI have done lots of things like rock climbing, jumping out of airplanes and driving 140 mph in a 65 zone, but nothing compares to the feeling I get when I look at my wife.
Before we invaded Iraq,we had the support of the entire world. Nobody objected to our going after the Taliban in Afghanistan and we had a coalition of allies who were willing to support our cause.  Bush,Pearle,Rumsfeld,Wolfowitz,Cheney and Rice squandered that good will by deliberately lying to the American people and the world about phoney WMD's. They also told us that the war would pay for itself with Iraqi oil. Unfortunately what Bush has accomplished is something no one in history has been able to do,he has turned the entire Islamic world into our enemy. Instead of them hating the Jews in Israel they now hate us. This war will never be won by our troops because when you have people willing to blow their selves up for a cause any victory will only come when the last suicide bomber has died. The Middle east would have been a far more stable region had we not invaded and killed hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians including women and children.
get ur self a lawyer. they are pricey but it helps
If you want to REALLY know how to get a girl to like you- Ask a girl. Most guys think they know, but have NO CLUE.
If it is a psychiatric hospital it is!
it is because your service providers dns servers know your mac address and assign the same ip again.\n\nTry to reconnect after certain hours... it might work
Ghana 2     Czech Republic 0\nThis victory of Ghana means that finally one of the newcomers at this FIFA World Cup is able to celebrate a victory and also is the first for any of the five African finalists.\n\nGoals:\n    GYAN Asamoah ( 2' )  the quickest goal so far\n    MUNTARI Sulley ( 82' ) \n\nGyan miss a penalty at 67' (struck it against left-hand post)\nFirst, he stroke the ball home, but referee Horacio Elizondo gave him a yellow card and made him kick the penalty again. CAUSE: the referee was busy showing the red card to the defender when Gyan kick the penalty, \n\nThe options now are open for every one in the group  (if the referee let's USA play)
be a stripper
I listen to the police/fire radio scanner. If you hear the police helicopter over your house, you can find out what the suspects look like\nand what crime they just committed. Fires are\nextinguished in a procedural professional order\nto protect the lives of citizens and the firefighters. You can also listen to ham radio, railroads, airplanes, the weather,racing,coast guard all on specific channels. All that, plus you can put the radio on search and find almost anything.
I don't really know.  If it is an Aerospace company, then they most likely do.  Most Aerospace based companies employ Aero, Electrical, and Mechanical Engineers.\n\nI would just suggest looking up the company on-line.
cable news channel
Ecuador at four
brazil
hi dear,\n try using google whitepages jus type what u want to know trailing by whaite papers or bookstories\nu will find what u want to know
Football-- Manchester United\nRugby - England\ncoz they're simply great!
Yes, there's a possibility that you could go to Hell if you don't turn away from your sins. Because you feel that you have been feeling this way since you was born then you will have to seek God's face. God can help you to change if that is what you want.  First realize that you are not in your natural state that God perfer you to be in then know that it is not normal, repent to God and don't miss a day asking for forgiveness and praying. God has got to know that this is what you really want. How about making a promise to God that if he would restore your natural state back that you will serve him forever. Just trust him and be patient with God. It may look like he will never answer but he will if you do your part. But don't worry because worry brings on doubt and doubting God is only saying "I don't trust you Lord!" And while you are trusting God, separate yourself from any negativity in your life. Get away from any porn movies, magazines etc. Get away from any of your friends that may be homosexuals. You have to make that first serious step and then God will gladly trust you enough to help you to change. Please follow up and be strong.
Hey Joey!
New Mexico (retirement state), California (beautiful state)if you plan right.....\n\nMoving back to California this month, but the cost of housing would shock your shoes off. Ive already decided to retire in Georgia, with the money I'm spending in Ca this year 20 years from now I will be able to live in some of the best neighborhoods in Georgia...so that the plan....Good Luck
Sorry to break it to you, but if you get an MBA for less than 10K, it's probably junk. You may have a certificate, but nobody will recognize it as a real degree. I'm in the same boat actually... I'm going for my master's, and it looks like I'm gonna pay around $40K for the whole deal... I wish there was an easier way out, but there isn't.
The .....government office maybE?! lol
I ban certain books and movies for myself because I can think for myself.  My criteria:  If the movie or book does not help me with my goals, I have no use for it.  I don't settle for mere mediocrity.
Butterfly Kisses....a good country song. Around here, ladies dance with their fathers to this song at their wedding. \n\nDaddy's Hands...by Polly Dunn
Old fashioned way: Kerosine\n\nMy mom told me a story about how she got head lice when she was a little kid...(long time ago...she's 80 now). Her mother soaked her head in plain ole' kerosine. She said it burnt like hell....but it killed the lice.\n\nNice to know there are actual products made specifically for head lice these days...lol.
the only thing you can do is trying to convince him... although i doubt this would make a change... coz almost everyone knows how bad is smoking and drinking a lot. so if he does not want to quit, he won't quit... smoking and drinking can not be controled by anyone but the person himself... do not waste your time. you either take him as he is or leave him...
you know after giving it some thought maybe a vacuum pump like the ones use for enlargement can help by forcing it to expand and correct it self  it has to be done slowly don't over do it. drink plenty of vitamin C A E  garlic onions  ginger  to improve circulation one  aspiring a day  to reduce the formation of fibrin in the blood .The key is to do it slowly and remember don't over do it .if you over do it you can cause  more damage loss of sensation
I think it's a very good video and I also think she has a really great voice,i've already downloaded the song.
Barthez, dans son propre but. Sinon je ne vois pas d'autre possibilité
You will not be able to marry until after he is mainlined. There are no reception center weddings. After he is mainlined, he can request a marriage packet from the Chaplain or his counselor. For details about the facility after he's mainlined, visit the appropriate forum at http://prisontalk.com/forums/forumdisplay.php?f=257\n\nOh, By the way, has he sent you a visitor's questionaire yet? It is form CDC-106, he has to sign the back before he sends it, but once you are approved to visit, that approval will follow him to his mainline facility.\nGood luck to you both.
become intersting in the things that she is and she should do the same. if you have common interests you should not have a problem finding things to talk about....the thing is, it's not a good sign that you have problems finding things to talk about.  i talk to my gf for 8 hours on the phone and we never run out of things to talk about....maybe you just need to get to know each other better and get closer.
well, because the are the best in the world, and why are they the best? because they have jinga, its in their blood, i love the way they play, in my opinion they are the only team that plays having fun and plays to have fun, not to win everything (winning is the goal, but they have fun more than anyhting)
Yes!!!\n\nBecause, I have seen His work, in my life.  I have felt His presence.  And, I have been truly blessed by Him.
Thriller by Michael Jackson
Friendship? A friendship between a man and a woman is not what you girls call a friendship. It is a mild attraction, based purely on a future date in which you will have sex with them when you are totally desperate, that is masked by a mild interest in what the other is saying. If you have a "friendship" with a guy, it just means that you are using him or he is using you and one/both of you expects sex and/or money at some future date.\n\nSo don't worry about it and let him know. You might find that he will give you your payment early. Either way you will get what you deserve.
In a fight? Chavs hands downs cos they will smash you up with their chisels and chains!\n\nIn Popularity? Goths. They don't offend anyone where as Chavs are the scum of the earth and will spit on you if you are anywhere near them.
yeah...his name was Abbas Zaidi and he played for Canada...he was amazing..so good that he retired because he was too good for everyone...
search the internet for the forums that use that version and ask them.
We can synthesize water but to get the component hydrogen and oxygen from the easiest sources means breaking down water to get it. If you're wondering about getting water from another source, that we can do, but it's extremely expensive in terms of power--- desalination plants to remove salt from sea water to make potable water is costly but is done in places like Saudi Arabia.
This link (a Federal Government Link to State of California diabeties programs under a State program title) has the contact information I believe you need.\nhttp://www.cdc.gov/DIABETES/states/ca.htm
florida gators\n\nAfter Year 1 of the Urban Meyer coaching regime, the Gators were playing in January. And this was after a season that had some pitfalls until Meyer adjusted his spread option scheme at midseason to accommodate quarterback Chris Leak’s dropback passing talents. Though top receiver Chad Jackson has split for the pros, Andre Caldwell and Dallas Baker make for some inviting downfield targets for the strong-armed Leak. Caldwell missed most of last season with a broken leg after catching 43 passes for 689 yards in 2004. \n\nDuring the offseason, Meyer expressed chagrin over the situation at tailback, saying he’ll play without one unless someone takes charge. The starter is DeShawn Wynn. All three of the backs who played significantly last fall are back, and Wynn, a senior who has run for 19 touchdowns over his career, could finish with a bang. But he’ll have to do it behind an offensive line that returns only one starter — Steve Rissler, who is moving from guard to center. \n\nThe Gators will field the best defensive line in the SEC. End Jarvis Moss led the team with 11 tackles for a loss and 7.5 sacks, and he was only used in passing situations. Tackle Marcus Thomas broke through for 10.5 tackles behind the line. Florida is also blessed with two of the league’s most talented linebackers in Earl Everett and Brandon Siler, the team’s top two tacklers from a year ago. But as formidable as the defensive front appears, the secondary needs three new starters. \n\nAlabama and LSU take on the Gators in the Swamp on consecutive midseason Saturdays, but Tennessee, Auburn, and Florida State are all away games.\n\nmy pick: SEC champions\n\nReturning starters\n5 offense, 5 defense, both kickers\n\nElite eight\nThe 2006 Gators will play eight teams that appeared in 2005-06 bowl games.\n\nGive and take\nFlorida’s turnover margin of plus-1.50 per game was third nationally.\n\nUrbanization\nMeyer has won 81 percent of his games as a head coach at 48–11 over five years, and he has never come close to a losing record.\n\n2006 Schedule\nS. 2 Southern Miss\nS. 9 UCF\nS. 16 at Tennessee\nS. 23 Kentucky\nS. 30 Alabama\nO. 7 LSU\nO. 14 at Auburn\nO. 28 #Georgia\nN. 4 at Vanderbilt\nN. 11 South Carolina\nN. 18 Western Carolina\nN. 25 at Florida State
Republicans?\nThey are different in action from Democrats right?\nSo what are those differences between them?\n\nThere is only one 'check and balance' read the pre-amble to the constitution WE THE PEOPLE\nand until WE THE PEOPLE come to understand that by action (not political promises) there is no difference between our two party system and the USSR's two party system, we will not be free.
Computer Science is more software-oriented (writing software, artificial intelligence, algorithms).\n\nComputer Engineering is more hardware-oriented (Computer Hardware Design, hardware architecture, and software development for hardware devices).\n\nMIS is more the IT type degree.. (managing systems, programming for these systems.. etc)\n\nYou just have to consider what you want to do - would you like developing software full time? developing hardware full time? or managing systems full time?\n\nthat said, CS is probably the most dynamic of degrees.. since you do learn a bit of everything.  You'll probably need to take more math courses in either CS or CE than in MIS.. while MIS has business classes you must take (since technically its a business degree - at least at my uni)\n\nand there are quite a few classes that both CS and CE majors take together (again, at least at my uni).. so with respect to these, CS and CE are more alike than MIS is to either of the two.\n\n'best' though is dependent on you alone.. you have to decide what you want to do with your life.. \n\nThat said, software engineering/development was just named the best job by money magazine.  I'm unsure at this point if i'd agree as my software engineering courses were pretty crappy for me  (high stress level, poor professor, ridiculous amount of work per week) - but like I said before, this is a personal thing.. different people work better in different places doing different things.\n\nTake some classes, try to talk to some professors, and ask questions.. go to university websites and search for specific classes (from the CS, CE, or MIS departments) as many of them have online pages for specific classes including the syllabus .. you'll be able to gauge if you are interested in the concepts lectured this way.. at least to some degree.\n\n\nbest of luck.\n\n:c )
do an mba
x=1+x/2\nx/2=1\nx=2
i do not know because Mexico and Angola are brill !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is it okay for the U.S. to kill in Iraq and other places and never accept blame?
No.  When your boyfriend, my husband, and the thousands of other soldiers signed the contract to enlist in the military they knew that defending our country was part of the job.  I do not like the fact that in the last 3 years my husband has been home only 15 months, but lets face it, it is his job.  \n\nAll we can do is pray for them when they are not here and love them like there is no tomorrow when they are home.  I knew what I was getting into when I married him and as much as I hate him being gone every other year, I have to live with it, that is the job of a military wife.\n\nGod Bless All Our Troops
Yeah I liked your Saturday joke
I don't see why not - if the child is living with you half of the time - you need to have the room for him or her.  If your income is limited, you are probably eligible.  It's just that those Section 8 lists are so long, and freeze quite often.
Run the malicious tool first and then download and install the ad-aware and virus protection programs (free)..\n\nMalicious virus removal tool:\nhttp://www.microsoft.com/security/malwareremove/default.mspx\n\nAd-Aware Free download:\nhttp://www.lavasoft.de/software/adaware/\n\nAVG Download free\nhttp://free.grisoft.com/doc/1\n\nGood Luck
i hope they win every year
10 through 1 in order of importance 1 being the most important\n\nlet me skip 10 through 2 in order to emphasize on1\n\n1:SURVIVAL \nit dosent matter where you get it from, whether its prison or harvard, without it there is no means of surviving in a world where knowledge is sought
NO!\n\n\nMake up you mind who's email address do you want is it:\n\nChris Brow\n     - or -\nChris Brown\n\n\n\nWho is \nChris Brow\n     - or -\nChris Brown\nanyway?
At just the right speed so that I can't feel it move.
unfinished business,  not accepting ones mortal demise, there are so many theories...but can you prove anyone of them?  Basically proving the existence of ghost is about the same as disproving them.   Pictorial evidence are all over the web and I have a few unexplained pictures I've taken myself.  Vocal recordings when no one had been present?  Another case of hauntings..so do people come back and why the come back ?  The reasons are as various as the theories.
signsamp.exe is a software but it is not free but demo is available at http://www.elfring.com/demo/signsamp.exe
It is an ancient Sicilian proverb, Lu sangu lava lu sangu, "Blood washes blood". so you can say it is latin but not very accuratly.\n\nI found books and some other sites using this phrase so I guess they still use it in Italy. what the phrase means is that if you do me harm I will take revenge in the same way. I think now the Italians they call in vendetta and I also know that in Greece they use the same word.\n\nI will give you an example. There is one man that has a dispute with some other man and on the dispute he goes and kills him. The the son of the dead man has to go and kill the killer. Then the son of the dead killer has to go and kill the son of the first dead person and so on and so on and so on.
Bloods...fuck them ckrabs M.O.B all day everyday...almost every rapper is Blood...im M.O.B(cus of my pops is a O.G of blood)....
quack quack quack?\n\npeople are fvcking ignorant, deal with it.
You mean 3^2 = 5^2 - 4^2 ... dimensionally this works.  For examples, if the units are feet, then you can take a bunch of one foot by one foot ceramic floor tiles, and arrange them in a 5 by 5 square, then take away a 4 by 4 square chunk of that, and rearrange what remains into a 3 by 3 square of tiles.  Translated into inches, you get (3*12)^2 = (5*12)^2 - (4*12)^2: if you have a whole lot of one inch by one inch tiles, and you make a big 60 by 60 square out of then and remove a 48 by 48 subsquare, then you can rearraqnge the remaining little tiles into a 36 by 36 square.\n\nNow consider 3^5 = 243 = (122 + 121)*(122 - 121) = 122^ - 121^2, again in feet.  When you translate that into inches, it doesn't scale the same way: the left hand side is multiplied by 12^5 but the right hand side is only multiplied by 12^2.  What kind of geometrical figure do you want to use given that it does not scale?  "Take a bunch of little one by one by one by one by one foot hypercubes, and arrange them in five space ... then when you project along the ... the result looks like ..." ??? "... but subdivide each hypercube into 12^5 little one inch by ... hypercubes and what you just did no longer works".  Is that really what you are looking for?
The Army college Fund. In 4 years, you can have $66,000 for college, not a loan, and have a BA degree completed when you get out, and training in the job you choose, with management experience by teh age of 22. Anyone else offering you all of that? I also forgot, enrollment in an Ivy League school (university of Maryland) and a job when you get out.
Mexican Lily,\nNo, ephedra products aren't gone anymore - the FDA lifted the ban!\n\nMy wife tried a product called Herbalean with 10mg of Ma Huang epehdra (max allowed by the FDA) and hoodia, and she liked it so much she became a distributor.\n\nHerbalean is made by the same company the originally made MetaboLife 356, but their new formula won't give you the jitters. It has hoodia for appetite suppression as well as 77 other minerals and herbs.\n\ni've been taking it for a few weeks now and feel fantastic. I usually took me a big coffee to get me going, but i've trimmed back on that and make it the whole day on a single Herbalean.\n\nAnyway, check the links below for info on Herbalean and the recently lifted FDA ban on ephedra.
Nope!  Hillary would make a horrible, horrible leader.  The US needs someone who can run the country, not run it into the ground.  Though, I really hope that she runs.  Afterall, it could make McCain's election the biggest landslide in American history!
A Hail Mary is when you are on the other end of the field and you send all of you players running down the filed and you throw it to one of them praying that they catch it. Well that's the best that i can explain it.
For me its an issue of human rights. \n\nAnd, no, I am not a bleeding heart liberal.  I definately lean more to conservative.\n\nYes, they come here undocumented and inadvertently break the law.  For those who are just here to make a better life for there families, I don't see why people see this as evil.  They had the misfortune of being born in a corrupt third world country, not of their choosing.  \n\nWe don't have a choice where we are born and to this I say live and let live.  A birthright for me is merely a gift of grace and see it as gift from God, what make me so special that I deserve this birthright, that I was born in this country?  Nothing, so I feel compassion for people who don't have this birthright or privilege and who am I to decide if they can or cant live here.  \n\nI know you must think that we as citizens must obey our laws to promote order and I agree with you.  However, not all laws are reasonable and fair.  I don't really want open borders, but for those who risk their lives coming here for a better life, I say live and let live...
Rarely can a teacher live up to the total message they are teaching.\n\nBut hopefully the way he (or she) lives his life is also part of the lesson.\n\nWith love in Christ.
all collisions in enviorment are inelastic collisions\nanyways one example is collision of two balls on table in air\nor anyother medium which can provide friction
Well I have read all the responses so far and I must say that some are very amusing, but so far only one of these is close.  That is this one:  ( the real answer is at the bottom please read on.)\n\nGreen and gold are the national colours of Australia, as proclaimed by Sir Ninian Stephen, the Governor General of Australia on 19 April 1984. The exact colours were specified as being Pantone Matching System numbers 116C and 348C. Green and gold are also the traditional team colours of Australian national sporting teams. Nearly every current Australian national sports teams wears "The Green and Gold", although the hues and proportions of the two colours may vary between teams and across eras. It is widely believed that the colours were chosen because they are the dominant colours of Australia's floral emblem, the Golden Wattle.\n\nYou will find that every major Australian national team wears green and gold including most notably the two time world champion Wallabies of Rugby, the Socceroos of the World Cup, and the Olympic team. \n\nSource(s):\n\nwikipedia.org \n+++++ \n\nReal Answer:\nThe official colours of Australia are BLUE AND GOLD... (Not Green and Gold, Green and Yellow, or any other colours of the rainbow or anything else that the so called greenies or hippies or even other minority group may wish to conjure up.  If you go to Parliment House and read the constitution ( not that many of obviously have or have the ability to) you will find amongst the small print that the national colours for the reprsentaion of this great land of ours called Australia are Blue and Gold... the reason that we portray Green and Gold is for our sporting teams and that is due to the above mentioned clours of the Wattle flower and tree. \n\nNow before you so called experts try to smack me down with all your references and alke I suggest you visit the National Capitol and see the constitution for yourself. Also take the time to read it (if your able to that is  and you will no doubt see that I am correct and you are misinformed..) \n\nI hope that this had shed a bit of light on your dilemma or at least given more ammunition for a good arguement as I really do enjoy that..
Like the previous answer has clarified, most of the Brasilians players play outside Brasil. And that is the same for Argentina, Ghana, and many other teams. Without doubts playing outside their owns countries is beneficiary for many players included in their National Teams, but it is not "that" decisive.
Oxydrene is one of the most important bodybuilding developments .\n\nIngredients: \nA Proprietary Blend \n    Sedum Crenulata (root \n    Hippophae (fruit) \n    Fructus Lychii Chinensis
okay, check out my profile on the questions asked section.  i know the feeling.  however, in my situation, we have crossed that line over 2 years ago.  As for being my Best friend, He has been my best friend for 6 years.  It doesn't start off as "oh, yea, i am want to steal this man from his wife", or visa versa.  It is a connection.  You will receive judgment, like I did, But not from me.  If you ever need to talk, feel free to e-mail me @ ammutdevour@comcast.net. - i read your other asked question.  please e-mail, i might be able to give you advice. consequences, benefits, etc.
With Outlook 2003 and Windows XP the icon automatically appears in the Notification Area (used to be called the System Tray). Just right-click on the small icon and choose Hide when Minimized to eliminate Outlook from the regular taskbar.\n\nOther applications can be sent there with an application named Actual Title Buttons. It cost  $19.95, but a 60 day trial can be downloaded from:\n\nhttp://www.actualtools.com/titlebuttons/
bobbys the shorter son right? the one with the darker hair? oh he's sooo cuteeeeeee, love his cleft chin and muscular arms,, oh my,, get in line girl i want him too,,,lol!!  \n\nwrite him at his restaurant\n\nbobby deen  c/o\nThe Lady and Sons\n102 W Congress St\nSavannah, GA 31401\n\n or call him\n1.912.233.2600   restaurant phone number\n\n\nboth sons are gonig to have their own show on the food network starting in july...\nhttp://www.foodnetwork.com/food/show_rd
Not possible.  Not required.
Everyone has an agenda. Don't you have an agenda for pointing this fact out?
first of all....are you calling all of their former employees to ask about previous preformance?  Second, are you, as an employer bringing enough training and mentoring to the program?  If not, the company needs to evaluate how to add more training....my company provides training on various topics every single Thursday morning.  Pretty awesome for a company of less than 30.  \nThird, test different selling scenarios during the interview....maybe do a round of interviews and then out of the top five candidates call them back and set up a "selling scenario"
I go to:www.mp3000.net or www.mp3int.com
http://www.wapsexy.com
I recommend the east bay near the bart stations. I used to live in El Cerrito and the neighborhood is very nice. The only thing is, that was over 5 years ago, I am sure prices are up, but you should be able to find something reasonable around there. Good luck!
probably, cuz people aren't always who you think they are. hope you find somebody.
Will be my pleasure. I am currently teaching my fiance so he can communicate with my family.
Just trust in God, we already know who will win.
I hope so since I have a Bachleor's in Biotechnology. Right now the job market is very good, but like Stephanie said science jobs pay very little, I know that better than anybody. :( \n\nIn regards to if it will last that depends on what field of biotechnology you are refering to. From the way you worded your question I am assuming you are talking about the more controversial areas and I'd have to say since this country is so conservative that will probably continue to stand in the way of our advancement in the scientific field. This is unfortunate because we will probably find the U.S. falling behind the rest of the world in this aspect.
1. Can you get pregnant from swallowing sperm? 2. Being afraid of peaches(the maury show). 3. Apple.(Gweneth Paltrow) that would be like naming your baby banana or orange. 4. I'm not good at telling jokes but i'm so cute, people laugh anyway. 5. I'm done!!!
you know what i think exactly the same, i thought i was the only crackpot who did this, but in reality i think it is just an exuse to pig out till monday and say "oh sod it i will just have this ONE LAST takeaway/chocolate cake and i will start a fresh week on monday" it never happens though does it, i go on about 4 diets every month LOL you only have to say the wodr diet and i am hungry and you know what they say- the first three letters of diet are DIE............
Well, I'd say that I didn't learn allot directly from the book.  Most of the stuff that I learned about him were from the countless documentaries that saturated the education channels during the controversy of the Da Vinci Code.  I learned that he was an outcast due to the fact that his parents were from two classes of society and therefore forbidden to marry.  I learned that although the church contracted him to paint many paintings he never quite gave them exactly what they wanted, and he was asked to repaint at least one of his paintings.  He was brilliant.  Much more intelligent than I ever thought.  He was truly a Renascence man.
i agree single man looking for a mate in the suburbs .is not really a valid question.\ndo you want to buy my car.-----oops\ni repair moon mobiles on the dark side of the moon ---sorry\n\nbut seriously i am single and live in Antarctica ,any Eskimo maidens want to migrate,dam \n\nbut i do know what you mean and there are a lot of other \ntype questions that are more like anouncements \n\nor questions that just say ,banana, or brother or sister\nand we have to figure out the rest of the question .\n\nplease people if you cannot think of a question,\n this is not a sin ,\nsave the five points and answer a few ,\ngive some input with your opinion instead.\n\nor is this to much to ask \n\nanybody has a female crocodile for my male??????(believe it or not ,that is for real)
"Oh, thanks for asking, but I don't have the same feelings for you.  It's very sweet of you to ask, but no."\n\nDo this privately, and never discuss it with your friends or anyone else.  What is "crushing" to boys is the humiliation of girls talking about them and saying things like, "eww, gross, he asked me out but I wouldn't touch him with a ten-foot pole," etc.\n\nJust have a little respect for both him and yourself and you'll be fine.  Remember that you are helping him to learn that life goes on after disappointments, which is critical to building confidence.
HOT!\n\ni so want one!
I've had so many its hard to pick one out.
Ashley, Trish and Maria
they aren't very assertive and believe people won't like them if they stand their ground. I use to have a similar problem but over time decided to say no when I wanted to. it works better to just say no than to string people along. you can't make everyone happy.
I loved the Monday night raw and the best raw in a long time. I love the spirit squad getting green slim and then they get it again at the end with the little men moon them with stick it.\n It was so great I laugh for awhile.\nA man head through a wall.\nD/X is back and loved it.
You were most likely attending a Catholic Mass, in an Eastern Rite Byzantine Catholic Church, which is probably fully in union with the Holy See at the Vatican, but using a different liturgy than western (Roman) Catholics are used to.  You should have just stayed around after Mass and asked these questions to the priest. You likely received both the body and the blood of Christ at the same time, rather than separately. There are many more details to share. For more, post your questions at www.askmeaboutgod.org and receive a free, private, complete, personalized answer via email in about one day. Doug
Though I read the book first, I felt the same excitement chilling down my backbone. Everyone have acted reasonably good!
I've done a lot of things at the poolhall , but , swimming isn't one of them. You might want to put this question in a different category?
lmao cute.
stop worrying about sex.
I don't think that you can
I got this in an e-mail from a friend and although I do not have vision problems myself, I read through their information.  It sounds very logical and I even recommended it to my dad.  It may be worth looking into.   Good Luck.             http://www.rebuildyourvision.com
David B. is soo hot even men love him. I will route for England and US equally.
08.06.58  (19.00) Halmstad, Örjans Vall\nNorthern Ireland 1 - Czechoslovakia 0 \n\ngoal: Wilbur W. Cush 20\n\nNorthern Ireland: Gregg, Keith, McMichael, Blanchflower (c) - Cunningham, Peacock, Bingham, Cush, Dougan, McIlroy, McParland\nCzechoslovakia: Dolejši, Mráz, Novák (c), Pluskal, Čadek, Masopust, Hovorka, Dvořak, Borovička, Hertl, Kraus
erm didnt know u can
It will help, but it is not 100% effective.
I think you mean the banked track - a "velodrome"\n\nThe length varies. Most are either 250 meters (.25 kilometer) or 333 meters.  Some are as short as 125 meters, some as long as 500 meters.\n\nIf you're talking about the road course, it varies with each Olympics. In Athens I think it was about 15k per lap, for a total of over 200k in the race (from memory).
hes not goin anywhere..i think hes tryin to be 'out' first until The Great Khali gets involved in somehow a wwe match then he will make his appearence to scare him or to attack him from the back..
Every case is unique, but the general procedures are like any criminal trial.    The case is called, the charges are read and the defendant enters a plea.  A jury is empaneled unless the defendant waived the right to a jury trial.  Both sides present their opening statements.  The prosecution presents its case along with any witnesses.  The defense cross-examines the witnesses.  The defense presents its defense.  The prosecution crosses the defense witnesses.  Motions are dealt with as the matters arise.  Both sides present their closing arguments and it goes to the jury.  The jury deliberates and renders it's verdict.  The verdict is read and the defendant is either scheculed for sentencing if found guilty or released if found not guilty.\n\nA guardian ad-litem may be appointed by the court to protect the rights and interests of the minor.\n\nAttorneys involved in a case rarely take the stand, they're there to try the case or represent the defendant.  They're not witnesses.\n\nThe specific questions asked by either side depend upon the facts and circumstances.  Again, every case is unique.  The minor (victim) may or may not need to take the stand.
The server is a POP3 server. It is pop.mail.yahoo.com\n\nBe aware, however, that the Free mail is Webmail only and does not allow access through Outlook Express. If you have any paid plan that server should work.\n\nHope this helps!
sounds like your diaphragm...the muscle between your chest and your abdomen that allows your lungs to breath in and out is having spasms...it happens, and alot of people mistake them for heart palpitations.  If they get painful, call your doctor.
What happens then, if the senses which we 'scientifically' use in this 'proof test' are in turn illusions of our mind and don't really exist?\n\nWhat is touch, sight, sound, taste and smell other than signals from our 'sense organs' going to the nerves and ultimately the brain - which is something man is yet to fully decipher?  Why then rely on these 'senses' as instruments to prove that something metaphysical exists or not?
there is no use for it
Two choices come to mind:\n\n1) You are putting the disks in upside down,,,\n2) The disks are really not blank... Are they perhaps "used" cd's?  If so, you can't re-write to them unless they are marked CDRW and you first "erase" them!\n\nFinally... \nCan you READ any CD's?  If not, then the drive is broken and should be replaced... Although reading does not necessarily mean it will also write, if it can't read then it DEFINITELY can't write!
You can create as many domain names as you have money to pay for the registration and hosting. They do not even have to be for a different business, and can actually point to the same site.
Israel is the most dangerous country in the area.  They have a nuclear arsenal and have been known to take the offensive against any threat to them.  They bombed an Iraqi nuclear development site 10-15 years ago because they felt threatened.  I wouldn't be surprised if they do the same to Iran!  They were attacked by many Islamic countries a few decades ago and they kicked all their buts...in about 4 days.  They are strong, have great intelligence and they have powerful weaponry that they aren't afraid to use in the defense of their country.  Iran is a threat to give/sell their nuclear knowledge to terrorists, but they couldn't even beat Iraq in their wars.  Look how fast Iraq fell to the US...Israel could have done it pretty much that fast!  Hope this helps.
All of these women:\n\nhttp://abortiontv.com/Words/truestoriesfrom-mothers.htm\nhttp://www.abort73.com/HTML/I-G-2-testimony.html\n\nAlso, a survey of post-abortive women found that:\n\n60% said that the decision to abort made their lives worse, and\n94% regretted the decision to abort.\n\nSource:  "Survey of Reaction to Abortion," The Post-Abortion Review, Fall 1994, pp. 6-8.
Your best bet is to pick up one of the Final Cut Pro books published by Peach Pitt Press.  The tests questions are pulled from the text - with each chapter ending in sample questions that resemble the questions on the actual exam.
If you already have a Win XP CD you don't need a new one.  It seems your hard disk might be damaged.\n\nRestart your PC and look if the screen shows a clue as to which key to press to enter BIOS setup (it varies from make to make, it's usually F1, F2 or Del).  Follow the menus, you should find an option to configure hard disks.  Let it find it automatically.  If it doesn',t you might need a new hard disk.
Look here:\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_adoption
My hubby and I were late to a movie, the ticket lady told us to hurry the movie had already started.  To our surprise, we were the only ones viewing it.  Talk about a nite out alone, without the kids of course.  Even better!!!   :)
You know, most people are not confused about their role or identity - usually if there is confusion it is on the part of society with the role or identity an individual assumes.  It's a wide and wonderful world and it is great that each of us can be and try anything we like - and every experience comes with a great lesson or bit of wisdom.  \n\nAnd personally, I think the Enemy is our own self doubt and fears - we drag our own selves down enough, just look around.  We don't need a horned little imp to make our lives hell, very often we do a fine job all on our own.
salut !! moi g peut étre une réponse ki pourra t'aider. D'apré les statistikes, l'équipes de france a la moyenne d'age la plus vieille !!! kan on voi des Jeunes kome Ribéry et Malouda ki courent partout et ki se donnent a fond !!! On voit tout de suite le différence !!!\nDonc moi je pense k'avec une équipe de france bocoup plus jeune, on aurai + de chance ...\nDonne moi ton avis...
you have been open with her that you do not want her attention.  you might let your husband know about it so he is aware of what happened but not push it further.  she most likely will leave you alone from now on, give it a chance. if she doesnt, stay away from where she is going to be if she makes you uncomfortable.
It took me many years to find my way out of the "maze " ! lol  \nIf you are fortunate enough to be someone who works from home all the time you could move to a nice secluded area...depending on where you are !   I work from home and when the weather suits me....  I work from my boat.  No planes...trains...or automobiles involved.  I'm sorry there are soo many people trapped in the rat race.  Good luck.
MAVS.  Shaq is pouting and Dwayne Wade can't handle the pressure
Yes it can be done.\n\nIf it is "Tools - Protect Document" protected, close it and then create a new blank file, then "Insert - File" and select the protected document. The document is no longer protected.\n\nYou could also open the document and do a"Save As..." selecting Rich Text Format (RTF). It will then be called "filename.rtf" instead of "filename.doc". After that, open it by double clicking on it and save the RTF file with a new name as a Microsoft Word document.
yes i use too
no, as long as the fundamentalist christians agreed not to try to vote to ban same-sex marriage, abortion, etc.\n\nand jaime and sissysmess, that's neither an original nor intelligent argument.  america's founders were also mostly racist, male slave-owners [could there be a connection there, perhaps?], but we've progressed as a society, trying to fight the racism, sexism, homophobia, and general religious bigotry so firmly entrenched in our society.\n\nwhat other disgusting traditions would you like to exhume?\n\ni, for one, am glad our society has changed.
doc was the mother
if you are talking about runway models --- no... kate moss is an exception at 5'7" tall.  Designers make haute coutour clothes for tall women -- they fall better on tall lanky figures.  However - there are MANY other types of models other than just runway fashion models...  and I am pretty sure if you are not modeling on a runway, you don't have to be extraordinarily tall.
Yes. Yeast infections are fungal and they are common. Sounds yucky but almost all females have the problem at some time or other. Good luck.
Redneck Pentathlon\n1- Tabacco Spit\n2- Junk car accumulation\n3- Minority Bash\n4- Busch Drinking\n5- And you lose 10 points for every grade completed past 4th.
you will probably have to change the BIOS setting to allow it to boot to the NIC after that you will need to have an IP address for the client and the information of the server you want to connect to, IP address subnet mask etc.
http://www.yahoo.com
You have to go to a bank and cash it.  If you don't have an account, mabye your parents do and they can cash it for you if you sign it over to them.  Hope this helps you!  Congrats on Graduation and the best of luck to you.
Wow, I went through something similar. I would mail the card and continue to be a good friend. So when you reach the point of confrontation you could say that you upheld your end of the bargain by being a loyal friend. Any chane in attitude will lead to both sides being bitter. Remember, be who you were and do what you normally do until you can find out why things are the way they are. Relax, and think it through.
E-bay, or go to ticketmaster!
Jesus Christ's.
When I was in 7th grade there was a bully who sat in the desk next to mine in history class.  Every time the teacher's back was turned he'd lean over and punch me hard on the arm.  By the end of each day my arm was covered in bruises.\n\nOne day I got some cloth ribbon and some heavy tape, and fashioned an armband out of it with sharp thumbtacks sticking out.  I concealed this under my sleeve the next day before class.\n\nAfter that day he never hit me again.  That was my favorite day in junior high school.
It is much more comfortable to be mad and know it, than to be sane and have doubts.
It could be a prob with one of the nerves in your arm, the ulnar or median. See your dr for EMG testing.
51,840,000 bits per second.\n\nSo, about 900 times as fast as dialup (57,600 bits per second), in terms of bandwidth.
I am a nuclear medicine technologist.  And I think you are talking about a cardiac stress imaging test.  I don't know exactly how the facility you are doing it at does their's, there's several ways to do it.  I am assuming it is the rest/stress method.  So, what they will do is inject you with a radioisotope while you are at rest, wait about 20 minutes and image your heart for about 15 minutes or so.  Then you come back in about 1-2 hours and they will run you on the treadmill to reach your target heart rate, once in is reached, they will inject a radioisotope again while your heart is in a stress state.  They will put you on the camera again and image your heart for 15-20 minutes.  This time they will hook up some ekg leads to synchronize your heartbeat with the camera.  \n   The purpose of imaging your heart in a rest and stress state is to find spots where the radioactive medicine didn't perfuse to in the heart muscle.  When you exercise the coronary arteries dialate and blood usually perfuses to the heart muscle better.  Now if the pictures show an area where there was no perfusion on rest and stress images, that means that is dead muscle that cannot be repaired by increasing perfusion to the muscle, it probably died when you had a heart attack or some chest pain over time.  But if the images show a area that didn't perfuse on rest, but then it did get blood to it when you exercised and opened up those coronary vessels, then it is fixable.  They will probably put in a stent and/or do blood thinner therapy to get blood to that heart muscle so it doesn't die.
ı am an accounting and finace major student. This is my last semester. I will continue to a masters degree in accounting and finace. My advice is continue i a different school from yours and country. Finace is wide so there is a way to go. ıt is not so important for a marketing major to make masters degree but i think its important for finance. You can continue in England. They have one year masters programs and they are very good. I will go to LSE next year. Good luck...
is being on your knees the same thing????
Well, you probably have your cookies set too high and your pop up blocker doesnt allow anything through. To allow more cookies, go to start, control panel, network and internet connections, internet options, privacy, then lower the little bar to about medium. for the pop ups, when you press on a link, hold down the CTRL button on your keyboard to allow that popup.
Rap is Crap
Death Cab For Cutie, A Lack of Color from their Transatlanticism album, that's a great song.
not necessarily. handyman could be considered uneducated vagrant who's good with tools. I'm a pretty decent handyman and am also a mortgage broker. people know me as a broker who's good at fixing things. it's all how people perceive you.
Because it is a drug, and drugs affect your brain. They send litle chemicals called neurotransmitters into your neurons, and give a certain feeling. Since they flood the neurons with that feeling, the neuron shuts off, so the body doesn't ever make that feeling EVER again. So, then since you crave that feeling again, the body wants MORE meth. \nThat's why one hit can make you hoooked.\nDon't try it.
L*W*H=Volume=6000
me
OK.\n\nThe S&L (Savings & Loans)/Silverado is the banking scandal that involved Bush brothers and father.  Neil Bush was the "mastermind" of the S&L fraud.  Then there's G. W. Bush, Jeb Bush and Bush senior.  At least 4 Bushs were involved.  Check this link for complete details: http://www.campaignwatch.org/more1.htm
for a man, cook (or buy him) his favourite meal, if he normally drinks beer, have something a little more expensive to drink. dim the liughts with lite music. He will love it.
You don't have a lot of options. Unless you can come up with your arrears in a hurry, your best bet would be to contact one of the many companies that offers rapid purchase of your home, and sell it to them. If you owe less than the home is worth, you get some money to start over, and no matter what you owe, you avoid foreclosure which will haunt your credit rating for years. You can also let the lender know you have a sale pending which should halt the foreclosure for at least a week or two, giving you time before the sale to find somewhere else to live.
Income tax is legal (16th Amendment). However, invest in gold and beware of big brother is the lesson of this video.
The only question that I find stupid is how many people ask "who is going to win?" Worry about the next game, not the last one... idiots!!
Definitely.  Deader than dead.  The arguments wouldn't be as varied, nor as challenging. IMO
It's not illegal to buy the book, but perhaps the contents of the book may be controversial. I haven't read the book, but heres a summary of the "Behold A Pale Horse" from wikipedia.\n\nBehold a Pale Horse is a 1991 book by William Milton Cooper. (ISBN 0929385225)\n\nWritten after Cooper had been a member of the US Naval Intelligence Briefing Team of the Commander in Chief of the United States Pacific Fleet, the book details many of Cooper's claims about the alleged influence of UFOs on US government agencies, the New World Order, the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, the Apollo hoaxes and other topics.\n\nAnother claim made in the book pertains to his own death. William Cooper, seemingly paranoid, claimed that he would be shot to death on his own property. True to his "fate," he was gunned down in precisely this manner years after publishing the book and settling down in Arizona. However, prior to his move, Cooper had confided to a neighbor of many years that he expressed a wish to be involved in a shootout with Federal employees in order to vent his anger about the government.\n\nThe title of the book alludes to a passage in the Bible, Revelation 6:8: "And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed with him."
Cold, concentrated sulfuric acid is used with neutral, water-insoluble compoinds containing no elements other than carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen.  If the compound is unsaturated, is readily sulfonated, or possesses a functional group containing oxygen, it will dissolve in cold concentrated sulfuric acid.  This is frequently accompanied by a reaction such as sulfonation, polymerization, dehydration, or addition of the sulfuric acid to olefinic or acetylenic linkages.  In many cases, however, the solute may be covered by dilution with ice water.
Most employers and employees (over 16 years of age) in Ireland pay social insurance contributions into Ireland's national Social Insurance Fund. In general, the payment of social insurance is compulsory. \n\nIreland's Social Insurance Fund is made up of a current account and an investment account managed by the Minister for Social and Family Affairs and the Minister for Finance, respectively. The current account consists of monies collected from people in employment. This money is then paid back to fund social insurance benefits and entitlements. The investment account is a savings account that is managed by the Minister for Finance. The Comptroller and Auditor General has responsibility for ensuring that the accounts are kept in order and reports are made to the Houses of the Oireachtas. \n\nIf you are in employment, the amount of social insurance you pay depends on your earnings and the type of work you do. Your social insurance contributions in Ireland are referred to as PRSI (Pay Related Social Insurance). Sometimes, you will hear people describe their PRSI record as "stamps". This term dated from before 1979 when employers would literally stamp a card each week of employment. That card was then brought to a local social welfare office in order to claim social welfare payments. \n\nSince 1979, your employer keeps a record of the insurance contributions you make. These monies are now collected by the Revenue Commissioners who in turn make annual returns of these records to the Department of Social and Family Affairs. All records of your insurance contributions are kept by the PRSI Records section in the Department of Social and Family Affairs. \n\nSocial insurance rates\nFor people in employment in Ireland, social insurance contributions are divided into different categories, known as classes or rates of contribution. The type of class and rate that you pay is determined by the nature of your work. For example, a person employed in a supermarket earning less then 38 euro per week will be insured under Class J. If that person earned over 38 euro, they would probably be insured under Class A. In fact, most employees in Ireland pay Class A PRSI. This class of contribution may entitle you to the full range of insurance-based benefits that are available from the Department of Social and Family Affairs. \n\nThe other classes of social insurance are classes C, D, B, E, H, J, S, K, M, and P. If you are insured under one of these classes, you are paying insurance at a lower rate than Class A contributors, which means that you are not entitled to the full range of social insurance benefits. This is because you are paying less towards social insurance than a Class A contributor. \n\nExample: Joe earns less than 38 euro per week. He is insured under Class J, which only entitles him to Occupational Injuries Benefit. \n\nDetails of the different groups and occupations that these classes apply to and the benefits covered are contained in the Department of Social and Family Affairs Booklet SW14. (Also available from your local social welfare office). \n\nIf there is a problem in deciding what class of social insurance you should pay, the Scope Section in the Department of Social and Family Affairs may decide the issue after examining your employment situation. \n\nHow is social insurance (PRSI) paid?\nIf you are an employee, your social insurance contributions are deducted by your employer and collected by the Revenue Commissioners. The Revenue Commissioners then pay the money into the Social Insurance Fund. A record of the contributions you have paid is then sent to the Department of Social and Family Affairs. Your employer will also pay social insurance on your behalf. \n\nAs well as paying into the Social Insurance Fund, you will also be expected to pay what is called the Health Contribution, which is charged at 2% on all income. The Health Contribution is not paid into the Social Insurance Fund. This money is collecte
because they love school, and they love to learn. if you take school a bit more seriously, there is no doubt, you'll do perfectly fine.
Most areas have a low-income dentist that bases their fees on the family income.  My advice would be to call your local Department of Job and Family Services (Welfare) office and they may be able to give you that information.
Obviously he was an absent father...but what's worse is Laura was an absentee Mother as well!! Shame on them both!
I think your last statement says it all, you've been so hurt that you no longer want anyone to see you how you really are, unless you are sure they will not hurt you.\n\nThis is not the way to love people, and it's not the way Jesus would want you to live.  Yes, people will hurt you, in mental and physical ways sometimes.  But you will survive.  That's part of why Jesus says we should turn the other cheek.  Because loving someone means letting them hurt you on occasion ... because they are hurting too.\n\nPeople hurt me all the time, they say mean and vicious things to me and I let them, because it's just a hurt, it's not my soul.
The treaty was unsuccessful.They put all the blame on Germany.They did not stick to their word and give Italy the territories they wanted. By putting the entire blame on Germany and compelling them to pay a huge war indemnity they hurt the German people who suffered during the Depression.Hitler was a charismatic orator who proved to the German people that the Treaty Of Versailles was a great injustice and they followed him into war.This is how Hitler was successful in arousing German nationalism,Nazism and offcourse starting the second world war.\n\nPersonal opinion:Personally, I believe the Treaty was a great bane for the Germans who suffered from years of unemployment and poverty.If the conditions of the Treaty were a  little more mild the Germans would probably have not taken Hitler upon his word.
The A's are second behind the Yankees for most AL appearances in the World Series, so historically, I believe they would be considered better.  They also beat the Giants in the 1989 World Series.
Same diet that is good for anyone. See site below on healthy foods that help you attain ideal weight and a strategy to help you eat less of unhealthy foods. I am a male and 5'5" and weigh 120 and am slim and muscular. Princess Diana was 5'11" and 125 pounds. Marilyn Monroe (sex symbol) was 5'5" and 117 pounds.\n\nAre your friends 250 pounds so you are skinny compared to them?
Wouldn't it depend where you are standing? In a picture taken from on angle it is leaning to the right, but what if I went around to the other side and took a picture, it would be the left. I've been there, but don't remember which direction it was facing.
hmm, long distance relations work on trust..you have to trust the person blindly and care for him...if you trust him or her automatically care, love will come into your relation and it will be healthy...\n\ncheers!!!
Leave him.  You are no good for him.  By this I mean you must be a happy, complete person before you get in a relationship.  It is not a partners responsibilty to make you happy.  \n\nYou don't need to make him understand.  Ending it is enough.  It's his responsibility to make his peace with it, not yours.\n\n\nReflecting on your life and figuring out what you want is great.  And things change so it's a good idea to stay in touch with yourself 'cuz your wants can change.\n\nNo one belongs to anybody, again his problem to deal with.
Shaving heads takes away a person's identity.  In bootcamp you want to break a person's individuality adn get them to think as a group.  Bald heads make all yoru men look teh same, it breeds a sense of unity.  Your team is only as strong as your weakest member.
please! take my advise. take some lube and keep it by the edge of the pool, or else the water with wash away your natural lubricants and it will either hurt or he will not be able to enter you. you can still get pregnant in water, but using a condom in the water makes it more difficult to have sex comfortably. its your choice, but i would go on birth control so you wouldnt have to worry about it.
The Longest Day
When taking your test, double check your answers as you go, unless you begin to see this will not allow you to finish. This will probably save you time, instead of having to reread everything, and will also keep you aware of how you are progressing time wise. Also check the instructions to see if their are actual deductions for wrong answers-if you run out of time and randomly answer the last ones it might statistically detract from your score. A lot of post-high school tests do that.
c'etait effectivement un trés beau match les deux equipes ont été a la hoteur quoi que l'espagne aurai meritée de gagner je croi que sa va etre une tout autre paire de manche avec le brésile
Guys usually give me the eye and smile, and if i give them the eye and smile back they know to approach me. It usually works for me.\nOr grabbing my a**, works everytime!!!!!!!!!
Dark.
Yes, that will be plenty big enough to push your canoe.  A lot quieter than the outboard too.  But, take a paddle in case your battery dies.
m'enfin c'est simple\nil suffit de semer des graines de pelouse vert foncé et des graines de pelouse vert clair\nbien tracer les bandes hein\nbonne chance
go to a search engine and put it marilyn manson and boston terrier photos something has to come up
If you don't have insurance I would suggest to go to a clinic where you usually pay $10  there is usually one in every other city\nOr I would say about $200 if not more. And the antibiotics well, it could range from $20-$100.  Good luck
The planet is approximately 71% water and contains (5) five oceans, including the Arctic, Atlantic, Indian, Pacific and Southern. Their borders are indicated on the world image (right) in varied shades of blue. \n\n For many years only (4) four oceans were officially recognized, and then in the spring of 2000, the International Hydrographic Organization established the Southern Ocean, and determined its limits. Those limits include all water below 60 degrees south, and some of it, like the Arctic Ocean, is frozen. \n\n(oceans by size) \n#1 Pacific (155,557,000 sq km) larger map \n#2 Atlantic (76,762,000 sq km) larger map \n#3 Indian (68,556,000 sq km) larger map \n#4 Southern (20,327,000 sq km) larger map \n#5 Arctic (14,056,000 sq km) larger map \n\nSee in\nhttp://www.worldatlas.com/aatlas/infopage/oceans.htm
unfortunately we all have to face the fact that there are lots of people we will never be with. Not just famous ones but ordinary people we see every day. The key is finding the one who you can love beyond all others and freely gives their love to you.
I had the same problem, I think it was switching to a natural deodorant that did it. But there was a good topical solution that I used also, but that is from a private label not available in stores.
In medical writing they use a small "c" with a line above it. No idea why.
Smackdown! should give him a chance. I think his return to WWE was impressive, he's bigger and badder than ever. I can't wait to see Mark Henry vs. Batista! That would be like the battle of the bulls or something...cool.
i dunno but is it indiana jones uh the last one???
The password is "hope".
the stomach of what?
45 Kilograms sounds small - mammals living in water tend to be large, because they need insulation to counter the good conductor of heat that water is. If you mean 450Kg, then the answer is the Manatee, because it is a mammal living in water and is endangered.
6 calories on average, according to USDA data.  Be sure to use the drop-down box at the top to select 1 almond as the serving size.
The earth is bombarded with ~ 1000 metric tons of meteroite PER DAY, so this is not an 'exceptional event' on a global basis.  Remember that 70% of the earth is uninhabited and not under surveillance.\n\nAs to comparing it with 'Hiroshima', this is a typical media exaggeration.  My calculations show that with a 100 kg meterorite traveling at 11000 m/s (the maximum speed it could attain coming from outer space), the energy would be about 1/14000th of the nuclear energy released from the conversion of 0.1 gram of uranium into energy by the Einstein relationship E = mc^2
If any league could afford to fund developmental leagues in Europe for an American sport, it's the National Football League.  Probably the best bet would be to contact the NFL and its sponsors to see if they would be interested in a developmental deal where the equipment companies can fully fund the teams needs in return for sponsorship opportunities.
Knowing where most of your thoughts come from, I'd say 'yes' :)\n\nDelayed reaction,\n\nAnd across the ocean...\nAnd do I hear you saying "HEY!!! That's not very nice"  Haha
Only in fiction, TV, and Hollywood. You love a car at 1st sight. A dog at 1st sight. Maybe even a house. But with people it is lust at 1st sight then maybe some love grows out of it. Usually once the hot fire of lust cools the relationship goes South, because there is nothing to anchor it on. If it were love at 1st sight 95% of the people would marry and stay married to those they were dating. That don't happen. Reality sets in and you find out someone is too clingy, too sloppy, too jealous, too lazy, hot headed, has too much baggage etc. If it were love you would look pass ALL of that and want them as Forest Gump wanted Jenny no matter how much they screwed up or rejected you. You would wait forever and endure all for real love. Does that happen? Love at 1st sight only exist in Hollywood, TV, and in the movies.
If this has to do with the uneducated individual that asked why all atheists are gay, please forgive them. They do not represent the views of all Christians.
you're stressed out and being stressed sometimes makes you feel this way.  Maybe something happend and you felt bad about it but you're repressing it?\n\n.....I'd go look at health sites for tips on how to loosen up or to relax like doing yoga, walking outside in the park.  Exercising at home or doing something you love?  Also sometimes siblings can and will irritate us, and not just siblings but other people.  At this point, just think of something pleasant or count to ten.  One guy told me to sleep it off? I don't know, what ever works for you, find out. \n\n...one more thing...just be mature and don't EVER do anything that will sabotage your future whatever you want it to be.
I'm going to go out on a limb here and assume that you're running Windows XP.  \n\nYou can replace the boot record and repair the windows installation by using the repair feature of the Install CD. \n\nBoot to the CD.  Follow the Setup and watch for the "Repair Console".  \n\nOnce in the Repair Console, type:\nCHKDSK /FIX\n\nThis will run a repair of the Master Boot Record.  \nYou may also need to repair your Windows Installation.  You can do this by booting to the CD, bypass the Repair Console, and then watch for the REPAIR INSTALLATION command.  \n\nThe repair will replace all the corrupt files in your Windows Installation.
(m)\n\nBioinformatics and computational biology involve the use of techniques from applied mathematics, informatics, statistics, and computer science to solve biological problems. Research in computational biology often overlaps with systems biology. Major research efforts in the field include sequence alignment, gene finding, genome assembly, protein structure alignment, protein structure prediction, prediction of gene expression and protein-protein interactions, and the modeling of evolution.\n\nThe terms bioinformatics and computational biology are often used interchangeably, although the former typically focuses on algorithm development and specific computational methods, while the latter focuses more on hypothesis testing and discovery in the biological domain. Although this distinction is used by National Institutes of Health in their working definitions of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, it is clear that there is a tight coupling of developments and knowledge between the more hypothesis-driven research in computational biology and technique-driven research in bioinformatics. Computational biology also includes lesser known but equally important subdisciplines such as computational biochemistry and computational biophysics.\n\nA common thread in projects in bioinformatics and computational biology is the use of mathematical tools to extract useful information from noisy data produced by high-throughput biological techniques such as genomics (The field of data mining overlaps with computational biology in this regard). A representative problem in bioinformatics is the assembly of high-quality DNA sequences from fragmentary "shotgun" DNA sequencing, while in computational biology, a representative problem might be statistical testing of a hypothesis of common gene regulation using data from mRNA microarrays or mass spectrometry.
Not sure, but welcome to the USA.
Some of the other answers have good points, but .... What actually started the Vietnam War will always be debateable.\n\nI've studied Vietnam and the Vietnam war for many years, and I continue to find more questions than answers about the war. One thing I can tell you for sure is the war was inevitable, however U.S. involvement was not. \n\nYou can trace reasons why the war started back into the mid-1800's when the French colonized Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos in creating what was then Indochina. Vietnam has a very long history (literally 1,000's of years) fighting against those who had tried to occupy or control their country. Sooner or later, the Vietnamese people would rise up to kick the French out of their country as they have with the Chinese, Japanese and Mongols in the past. \n\nWhen the French failed to keep their promise of independence to Vietnam after WWII, all hell broke loose to say the least. For lack of better words, the U.S. and it's coalition (yes, there were other countries that fought with the U.S. in  Vietnam) became involved to clean up France's mess. This snowballed into a much bigger conflict than the one that France was involved in. \n\nIt could be seen that the Iraq and Vietnam Wars are similar on the surface, but they're actually worlds apart in just about every aspect. To consider these war similar in any way other than coincidential would be due to ignorance and lack of knowledge of either conflict and the countries involved.
play along with it but also tell her that cousins  can't get married to one another.  but it is cool to have alil cousin think she has her own prince charming.  she admires you and maybe one day she will remember what she saw in you for that one day her real prince will come and you can be there to support her in it. :-)
here it is..\n\nSara Paxton - Take A Walk\n\nSee the people they are drivin' in their cars, \nDrivin' in their cars, drivin' in their cars tonight.\nAnd all the people, they are gettning in their cars,\nUnderneath the stars, drivin' in their cars tonight.\nAnd everybodys leavin', a million breaks are screechin',\nNo one knows where their going to...\n\nAnd I just wanna fall in love.\nTake a walk and fall in love,\nAnd I just wanna fall in love fall.\nTake a walk and fall in love,\nTake a walk and fall in love.\n\nSee the people they are rollin' in their cars,\nCruisin' in their cars, drivin' in their cars tonight.\nSee the people they are drivin' in their cars,\nDrivin' in their cars, drivin' in their cars tonight.\nAll the people they are jangaling their keys,\nStanding at their doors, getting in their cars tonight.\nThe signals green, I'm movin, \nThe radio is groovin', and everybody likes to sing songs...\n\nAnd I just wanna fall in love.\nTake a walk and fall in love,\nAnd I just wanna fall in love.\nTake a walk and fall in love,\nTake a walk and fall in love.\n\nYeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.\n(Yeah) I'm dreamin' about you, (you)\nI'm dreamin' about you, (you)\nWe're layin' in the sun, \nWith sunblock burnin', \non, and on, and on, and on, and on,\nYeah, yeah, yeah.\n\nAnd I just wanna fall in love.\nTake a walk and fall in love,\nAnd I just wanna fall in love.\nTake a walk and fall in love,\nTake a walk and fall in love.\n\nAnd I just wanna fall in love.\nTake a walk and fall in love,\nAnd I just wanna fall in love.\nTake a walk and fall in love.\nLet's take a walk and fall in love, (walk and fall in love)\nLet's take a walk and fall in love...
get your mates to write something nice on it and read it at bedtime. you'll soon get used to it being on you and if you are anything like Rooney, it'll soon be healed! good luck and keep away from the roads!
Hmmmmm, how did they reach you?  Where you enquiring with them or did you approach other companies and somehow these fellows found out?\n\nDo you have a website at the moment that needs a new look?  I know, how can a question spawn so many more...\n\nAs I don't have those particulars I am going to base my answer on the possibility that this company located and approached you without any involvement on your part.\n\nYou are heading in the right direction by not signing anything, agreeing to anything or allowing any kind of work to proceed until you are able to check the company and its quality of work out.\n\nActually I like very much the Request Form they have.  Excellent and well put together/thought out.  In short if they put as much thought into the design of a site as they have into that form...they could be a good source.\n\nThey do have some issues however :  links on their own site that should connect to another page of information, are not consistent...some work, some don't.  Not a good thing but not a disaster either...someone should be checking the integrity of the site regularly tho.\n\nI'm not at all impressed with the presentation of their portfolio.  A portfolio should incorporate examples of a company's work not simply a list of the types of industry they've worked for, particularly if they are attempting to attract design and development work for websites.\n\nThey do claim that they "never make unsupported claims" under their About Us section, so take them up on it...ask to see or be given links that verify work done by them.\n\nTheir website overall is very understated and a little bit bland for a design firm, but they do have other offerings as well so I will give them that.  If you think the price fair and the work samples good, the references they provide are valid...then you might just have a good design company.\n\nGo with caution tho.\n\nGood luck
so you think you can dance
Spell out s-o-y them use the regular sign for milk (squeezing fist imitating milking a cow)  ASL doesn't seem to be an animal conscious, vegan friendly language.
Wow, that's a tough one. I'd say that the town is responsible since they are the cause of the big mess but then again, it IS the state of MA and they will do anything to get around a legal loophole. I know, my dad used to work for the state! I'd say check with the city hall and see what they say. If that doesn't help, maybe think about getting a lawyer involved. Either way, I wish you lots of luck! :)
girls can loose their hymen for many different reasons...inserting tampons, saddle use, instrument use, prior intercourse.  the issue at hand here is that if her vagina has not been penetrated by something intentional, she could be still considered a virgin.
Gator is one of the programs reported to be loaded with spyware.\n\nJust use a better browser like FireFox that has that functionality built in.
Talking with someone at the embassy would be your first step, but because of the patriot act it may not be all that simple anymore. Try the link below for some help.
Search and rescue is one.\nTactical operations are another.\nTour guide/adventure guide/rock climbing instructor is yet another (esp. if you move to Yosemite).\nThe least exciting would be window washer.
We are all little people, without the power to effect the kinds of changes you are proposing.  I would suggest that you take each issue, one step at a time.  First of all, forget the district attorney.  What you would like to see happen will consume all your time and energy.  Put that behind you.  Just remember, what goes around comes around.\n\nThe fact that you have charges against you seems to be the most critical of all.  There is no way to avoid this, so you must have representation that you can trust and who will work for your best interests.  Know that attorneys in general take too many cases, have too many clients, let things go unintentionally, and clients are hurt.  The system is flawed right now.  So don't quit.  Keep looking till you find the right one who really will help you.
some man utd reject
you have to put the disk into the computer (if its a cd that looks like a dvd.. you put it in the drive, that is usually what they give you) and then sometimes they will have a program with the cd and you then have to download the program thingy. \nIF the program is what I sometimes get (some Kodak thingy), then you can click on the picture and go to file..send to... desktop. and the file will then be on the computer AND on the cd. IM me if you need anymore help.
Yes, they have nukes. If Iran starts something and uses a nuke on Israel, I'm sure israel would respond with one. BUT, the USA, Russia, England and the UN  would get heavily involved before it ever came to that.
Save your money and do it yourself. I send my own letters to dispute everything on my credit reports.  I make sure that they do all the followup by the FCRA Regulations.  What does not show correctly, comes off!. Also check with E-loan, they have all types of strategies to help with this. Letters, budgeting, credit repair etc.
i've been saying that for years, religion is the root of all evil.there is never a war that doesn't have to do with religion anymore.\n\nmaybe everyone should believe in the devil, no one ever fights  because there devil is better then your devil
The fastest way is to get out a giant clever and just chop her head off!
The saying "The squeaky wheel gets the grease" means that complaining about something will force attention to be paid to it.  So, he's saying that just because Democrats complain doesn't mean their complaints should be attended to.
1 - Open Microsoft Word\n2 - Create New Document with the wizard, from a predefined format\n3 - Choose "Resume Format"\n4 - Follow the tips there\n5 - Voila!
read up on guitar tableture.. and learn all the chords. thats a must for guitar players.\n\nalso work on your finger strength (meaning, how you hold your fingers on the strings) its really hard, and it hurts really bad lol. playing the guitar is not for the weak.\n\nalso work on getting calluses. when you get those, your fingers dont hurt anymore :)\n\nbut trust me.. theyll hurt for a while. ive been learning the guitar for like half a year.. and i only know a few songs. but its worth it. and its really fun. \n\nheres a few easy songs you can look up, if you want a quick song to learn:\n\ncome as you are - nirvana\nbrainstew - greenday\n\nhave fun :)
Teens from MySpace get raped and killed because their PARENTS aren't paying attention.
i dont know but i think it was at a track in mexico
they were allegedly nuetral, but supplied both sides of the war with materials.  They also allowed the UK and Germany to have spies operate out of their country.
Sounds like what an elementary teacher will do (measure hands, feet, shoe size). If you're a teacher, ask around at your school district (elementary schools). If you're a teacher teaching in summer school, you may take your own pictures with your students doing those activities. As far as web sites go, I really don't know where to find such pictures.
Ive heard from therapists knee replacement pain can last around a year typically.
At the school I went to, we had distributors day. Vendors/businesses from the area were invited to have a booth in the gymnasium, and then the student body was invited to attend. You can even go with a theme (health fair, career fair). \n\nIf you are thinking something smaller...\nPlay the coupon game (everyone goes shopping with coupons)\nPretend stock market\nSell stuff on eBay \nHave a fund raiser\n\nAn easy thing to do, would be to talk with the alumni office and get a list of grads who are now running their own businesses. Bring them in as guest speakers. This was always nice, because you got to see that people who were in the same place as you are now, went on to bigger and better things.
Check classified adds. Also, go to iland.com they have cheap stuff on there. Also sometimes if they are getting repaired and the owners don't pick them up they will sell them cheap. Don't know if its legal but I have heard they do.
yes one moment - \n\nPS: I'm not a stalker either.\n\nYou can contact Daniel Radcliffe at either of these addresses: \n\nDaniel Radcliffe \nc/o Harry Potter Productions \nLeavesden Studios \nP.O. Box 3000 \nLeavesden \nHertfordshire WD25 7LT \nEngland \n\nOr at this address: \n\nDaniel Radcliffe \nc/o ARG Talent \n4 Great Portland Street \nLondon WIW 8PA \nEngland \n\nBe sure to include a return address if you wish to get a reply. Make sure it is written legibly in english.\n\nYou can write to Emma Watson at: \n\nEmma Watson\nc/o Harry Potter Production\nLeavesden Studios\nP.O. Box 3000\nLeavesden\nHertfordshire WD25 7LT\nEngland \n\nMost importantly, include your return address so you'll get a newsletter back. You do not need to send a S.A.S.E (self-addressed stamped envelope) or as they call it in the UK, a stamped addressed envelope (SAE). \n\nThis is the only way to Contact Emma Watson, so please do not email us asking for her email address, address, or phone number, we dont have it.\n\n\nHere are some more:\nContact Information\n      \nRupert Grint \nPeter Fraser & Dunlop \nDrury House \n34-43 Russell St. \nLondon WC2B 5HA , UK\n\nDaniel Radcliffe - Harry Potter \nc/o Harry Potter Production \nLeavesden Studios \nPO Box 3000 \nLeavesden, Hertfordshire WD2 7LT, UK  \n      \nRobbie Coltraine - Hagrid \n19 Sydney Mews \nLondon SW3 6HL UK\n\nEmma Watson - Hermione Granger \nc/o Harry Potter Production \nLeavesden Studios \nPO Box 3000 \nLeavesden, Hertfordshire WD2 7LT UK  \n      \nChris Rankin - Percy Weasley \nc/o Ken McReddie Ltd. \n91, Regents Street \nLondon W1R 7TB UK\n\nChris Columbus - Director \nc/o 1492 Pictures \n4000 Warner Blvd., Bldg. 139 Rm. 118 \nBurbank, CA  91522  USA  \n      \nJohn Cleese - Nearly-Headless Nick \n115 Hazlebury Rd.  \nLondon SW6 2lX  UK\n\nIan Hart - Quirrell \nPeter Fraser & Dunlop \nDrury House \n34-43 Russell St. \nLondon WC2B 5HA UK  \n      \nJulie Walters - Molly Weasley \nc/o ICM  \n76 Oxford Street  \nLondon W1N 3HN  UK\n\nJohn Williams - Composer \n333 Loring Springs \nLos Angeles, CA 90024 USA  \n      \nKenneth Branagh - Gilderoy Lockhart\nShepperton Studios  \nStudios Road \nShepperton \nMiddlesex TW17 OQD England \n   \nJK Rowling - Author \nc/o Scholastic Books \n555 Broadway \nNew York, NY 10012 USA \n-or- \nc/o Bloomsbury Publishing Place  \n38 Soho Square  \nLondon W1V 5DF  UK       \n\n\nFor those not listed you can write to them here:\n\nActor's Name Here \nc/o Harry Potter Production \nLeavesden Studios \nPO Box 3000 \nLeavesden, Hertfordshire WD2 7LT UK
u know that's a good question!!!!\nthat bitch should be in jail too...\nshe'd be raising hell if it were the other way around
Just be glad he's your ex and not your current I think that would be worse.  Go and kick his a.s.s while your at it I'll help.  I can run him over with my Jeep.  Just a little speed bumb that's all he'll be.  Cheer up your not the offender.  what's this world coming to when we have to check out our potential dates on sex offender register
I asked this question a while back.  \nMost people thought that a person using a wheelchair should be able to go directly to the stall for that purpose, since it may require them extra time to use the restroom.  Yes, they get to bypass the line.\n\nIf there are no wheelchair users in line, everyone should be entitled to use that stall just like all the others.
for perimeter, you just add up all the sides\n\nthe height is the same on both sides.\n\n56m
If you have to ask, use second hand one. It shouldn't make any different and it's cheaper.
(m)\n\nLabanos - Scientific name: Raphanus sativus Linn\n\nLagundi. Scientific name: Vitex negundo L. \n\n\nLuya - scientific name: Zingiber of ficicle
lets look at this..\nouter hull design is impractical, and non functional?\n\nhumm gotta differ with you on this, the ORIGINAL enterprise NCC-1701 is very practical, The crew is housed in the saucer section (which gives max area inside while maintaining minimum outer surface area and material, very practical) The saucer section is away from the secondary hull which contains most of the equipment, power, recyling, and the warp engines. This means it can separate from it in emergencies and people are away from any dangerous padiation leaks, if they occur.(I would call that functional)\n\nflimsy? well being in space there is no need for aerodynamics, a brick wall would fly just as well as an arrow. So I don't see your point there.\n\nfull of design weaknesses? ok, how about you name some?\nHow about some of the reasons it was designed that way. The saucer is made so that the entire bridge can be swapped out for a new bridge, depending on the mission. As can the weapons systems on the lower side of the saucer. This means it is easily upgraded (a good desing feature) The engines on the naucells are made to be upgraded and exchanged without having to disassemble the ship, we saw this happen severl times throughout the series( would you not call this practical and functional) If some of the ship were too far damaged, the other parts are made to be easily placed on newer parts.\n\nall of this sounds nothing like a design flaw to me.\n\nAs for the romulan and klingon designs, well we saw them blow up alot, so I would have to say they had some major weaknesses.\n\nAbby, where did you get that the klingon ships have only one engine? they have two! one on each side, like the bird of prey. Are you referring to the rear photon torpedo tube below the impulse engines
For the most part you are representing a country so you have to be a citizen of that country.  From what I know to make an Olympic team as a participant on a team sport, like basketball or hockey, you are invited to tryouts and the coaches choose from that group, who go to the Olympics.  For individual sports such as track and field, skiing, figure skating, and others there are Olympic trials where the top two or three finishers in each event make the team.
legs, arms and abs. all of those muscles have to work together. If you have them strong, it will make a big difference. Tennis is not just the stroke, is everything together.\nhaving strong muscles helps in your coordination, good timing and overall condition to be a good tennis player.
A ball gown is a floor length dress usually made of silk, satin or some other material of that sort.  It is the female equivalent of "white tie" (white tie being a man's white tuxedo usually with tails).  \n\nWhite tie events are more formal than black tie events (regular tuxedo. \n\nMany proms are black tie events.\n\nA white tie event would be more like a gala event like going to the Oscars, or something like that.
Don't believe in go?  Ok, go ahead & prove (I mean really prove) that he doesn't exist.
no i kno this guy and he's really sweet he says im pretty but dosent want to do that
spin two hydrogen atoms around really really really really fast, and then crash them into each other....\n\nthe problem isn't creating it...it's putting it in a stable, vaccum environment so it doesn't go BOOM!
I was actually at the game when bonds hit his 714th home run in oakland and everyone was cheering for him but i booed his cheating a$$
in relation to what?
I am an aviator (US Navy) with the F-14/F-18 Carrier Air Wing (CVW 9) of the USS Nimitz.
It depends where you live.  In the state of NJ, there is an unfair law that forces the non-custodial parent to pay for  90% of college tuition, whether they can afford to or not.  And they have no say in where the kid goes, if the kid demands an expensive school, the parent is told to just make it happen, even if it ruins their life.  And yes, even if the kid is not even living at home, the custodial parent still gets to soak the non-custodial one for child support, in addition to the college tuition.
Put up with it. Menopause is extremely hard on a woman. Talk to your wife, support her, and most of all, do research so you can understand what it is she is going through.
I think that the problem is that players are diving and cheating a lot more than ever before so it is much harder on referees. However, some referees seem to just enjoy handing out yellow and red cards and these do often spoil games. Referees need to be advised as to when someone is diving both by their assistants and through ear pieces an this should reduce the amount of cheating, and wrong decisions in the game.
Consider a distillation column with a feed of say propane and pentane. You would have a distillate vapour and a liquid bottoms. It would reasonable to assume that vapour distillate would be rich in propane.\n\n%Recovery =100% x [(amt. of propane in vapour distillate)/(amt. of propane in the feed to the distillation column)]\n\nHope this answers it.
I found this website: digholes.com when I was bored the other day.\nIt'll tell you where you'll end up on the other side of the earth if you dig hole from where you're standing.
I'm big fan of iBook by Macintosh tho..but apart from that, rely only IBM and Toshiba. IBM actually has gone cheaper with more types (check their website). Toshiba is slightly more expensive than IBM. If you want to buy Toshiba, buy Tecra as it's more durable.
just get smacked
I can tell you this much, anyone who gets gonorrhea more than once certainly must have a hearing problem (and possibly a mental problem) also because they should have listened when the person at the Health Department told them to use CONDOMS!\n\nHere's a good field trip for you, go down to your local family planning clinic or Health Dept. where they treat people who suspect they may have an STD (sexually transmitted disease). Interview some of the staff (if they have time to talk to you).  Find out as a "person on the spot" how the exam and the process goes, and you can probably also pick up some good pahphletts or sheets of information about the various sexually transmitted diseases and the tests and treatments!  The local Health Department can direct you to the proper place, because they are in the STD business!\n\nSo not funny!  This little field trip may help save your life, and give you a new perspective on why it is so important to be careful with all things sexual (even oral contact).  When they test most people for Gonorrhea, they also do throat swabs too, because they often find that a person who is infected in their genitals, may also be infected in their throats (sometimes only infected in their throats because they consider oral contact to be "harmless")!\n\nDysfunctions of the ear, I guess you could have infections, wax build up, difficulties with hearing certain sounds, ringing or what is called "Tinnitus" of the ear or progressive hearing loss associated with age, or noise exposure. Honestly the ear and STDs are very far apart from where I sit.  Unless the ear could be affected from a Gonorreal infection of the throat, or something?   \n\nI think next time you should give us more than one day of notice on your exam subjects. I have been known to tutor when I was in HS and University, but I need a bit of notice, since neither of these is my particular area of expertise. \n\nIn these days and times I think everyone should be well informed on the subject of STDs! The more you know, and the smarter you are with your own sexual practices, the better your chances are for living a long healthy and happy life! \n\nGood luck with the test!
As a giggle set a mouse trap!!\nThe first thing I do is is look to see it is a mouse with a roller ball in it and if so I pop out the ball and check to see if lint and dirt has built up on the roller controls.  If that doesn't work I try a different mouse.
I would say contact your local police station and they could direct you in the right way. There is probably back ground checks required and some classes to take.
i don't think Luke would want you to know that. you seem a little nutty, no offense.\n\n\nEDIT\n**********************************\nYeah, he still lives in 'Bama. he is thinking about getting a place in NY or LA. he does hate LA, but convenience is an issue. also, if you think he's cute now, rent sling blade....see what a dorky little kid he was.\n\nedit\n*********************************\ni was kidding about the nut remark.....settle down, i was just being stupid. but you really seen sling blade and still thought luke was cute?? really?? well, he would be flattered, because even he thinks he looked like a tool as a kid. he's a friend of mine, and i was just amused by your question is all. if you knew him, you may change your tune. he is closer to the character he played in Jarhead than FF3.
She wants you. She's getting all moist and steamy JuJu.....so get your rubbers out (you know.......your galoshes) and go outside and enjoy that sultry evening!
you deserve all you get giving your bf number is wrong and he probably dump you for it!!
No - Batista will get it back at Summer Slam. Probably from someone other than Rey. From the looks of it right now, Rey will lose the title to possibly Booker T and then Batista gets it back from him. With the fight B&B had earlier this summer, WWE would be stupid to waste all that free publicity!
The Princeton Review's website (www.princetonreview.com) has a very helpful career page, however it does require that you register with them (for free).  On the homepage, click on the 'college' link on the sidebar and then on the 'majors and careers.'  Here you can search or look up various careers and learn about them.  It has great sections like 'a day in the life,' 'facts and figures,' and a suggested course of study in college.
Write does not live here on the envelope and leave for the postman
Because they hold the stick in their hands.
You mean she's a junior and you're a sophmore right? If you're only a year apart then go for it!  Just try asking her out as a friend first then let it go from there, good luck.
AMericas next top model!
That is a complete crock with no basis in science.
I am curious what your alternate would be.\n\nThe Earth is not "perfectly" round but it is round.
The US is defo provocative. The trouble is I dont think it is deliberate. They really do think they are doing good things in the world.\n\nYou cant make peace by waging a war.
http://www.stopbeingbored.com/game/350/BIG-RED-BUTTON.html\n\nThe code to add it to your site is on the page.
Amnesty
Protein???
In ethics, deontological ethics or deontology (Greek: Deon meaning obligation or duty) is a theory holding that decisions should be made solely or primarily by considering one's duties and the rights of others. Deontology posits the existence of a priori moral obligations, further suggesting that people ought to live by a set of defined principles that do not change merely as a result of a change in circumstances (ie. situational ethics).\n\nOne of the most important implications of deontology is that praiseworthy goals can never justify immoral actions, in contrast to doctrines that claim the ends justify the means. Deontology is directly in opposition to consequentialism, an ethical theory in which the ends can justify the means because decisions are judged primarily in terms of their consequences.
In a recent interview, General Norman Schwartzkopf was asked if he \n> thought there was room for forgiveness toward the people who have \n> harbored and abetted the terrorists who perpetrated the 9/11 attacks on \n> America. \n> \n> His answer was classic Schwartzkopf. \n> The General said," I believe that forgiving them is God's function. OUR \n> job is to arrange the meeting."
THATZ NOT TRUE whoever is at the top of me theres more to it WHY DOESN'T HE TRY RUNNING UP AN DOWN A FIELD TRYING TO PUT IT IN A GOAL WHILE PPL R TACKLING U AN IN UR WAY WHILE THE HEAT IS BURNING ON U OR MAYBE RAINING LIK HELL WHILE SLIPING (CAUSE THEY WATER THE GRASS BEFORE THEY PLAY THATS A FACT) U TRY DAT I'M SICK OF THAT GUY DAMN!
I think her name was Dr. Lina Villacarlos
As far as I could figure out, Houston was never the capital of Texas. Austin was originally settled in 1835 and used to be called Waterloo. In 1839, Mirabeu B. Lamar renamed the city to 'Austin' in honor of Stephen F. Austin, the "father of Texas", who negotiated a peace treaty with the local Indians at the site of the present day Treaty Oak after several settlers were killed in raids. At the same time, the city was also chosen to be the capital of Texas.
jaw muscle
because many people react that way when witnessing a paranoid schizophrenic.
Hello. - Link:\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mayday_(distress_signal)\n\n\nHave a great day! :)
I'm assuming you filed the Tax Return and were expecting a refund.  The Illinois State Treasurers Office has an Unclaimed Property Division where the monies would have went to.  You can search it online at: http://www.cashdash.net/  \n\nYes, that is the Illinois Unclaimed Property Website but if you don't feel comfortable taking my word for it, you can visit the Illinois State web pages and look for the Treasurers Office and their Unclaimed Property division which will then direct you to http://www.cashdash.net/
Reality check!!\nLittle one.  This is where you and he find comfort in your relationship.  You're not dating anymore.  You are a couple.  98% of all men, once they get in their comfort zone, we relax.  If we're right with everything, then we start to concentrate on more important stuff like taking care of you and the family we will make.  We are men, the providers.  It's in our nature.  We are trained to be.  Is he there with you?  Does he come home at the same time everyday?  Are you together on the weekends?  If you answer no to any of these questions, then have concerns.\nI love my wife and will do whatever it takes to make her happy.  I do still talk silly with her.  I hold her hand, open the door for her.  I always tell her I love her.  I will take her anywhere she would like to go.  I don't, however, buy her flowers everytime we go out.   Once in awhile, I'll surprise her.\nThe dating is over and the relationship begins.\n\nGood luck.
Castration is the most effective way to "cut off" your testosterone levels, but be warned, your pants are going to fit funny afterwards.  There once was a man who had three weiners, and his pants fit him like a glove, but that's another story...\n\nOK, seriously, what's wrong with morning wood?  Nothing says "I'M ALIVE!" like sporting a full-on chubby.  You should embrace your manhood rather than run from it.\n\nAs for the Hairloss problem, talk to your Doctor about going on Propecia.  Must be prescribed, but for most people It really works.  The sooner you start taking it, the less hair you will lose.  But understand that it is not cheap, and if you ever stop taking it, your hair will start falling out again.
sakar_n_u@yahoo.com
Call him back and tell him you're in pain.  He should have prescribed something in the first place.  My dentist gave me 800mg Motrin, which is basically super-strength Advil.  It'll be achy for 2-3 days.  He should have instructed you to call him back if it still hurts after a week.  \n\nSeriously, medical care has dwindled in the last 10 years.  What is UP with doctors forgetting to tell their patients important information like this?
Ask him.
voluntary chains are independent ownership retailers [like true value hardware and ACE hardware] and corporate chains are common ownership chains [like PUBLIX or FOOD LION]
a educational center
the appeal of these numbers over porn is you are interacting with a live person. Now granted, you can't see the person and she may weigh 400 lbs. or may even be a man. YIKES  But most men have a vivid imagination and to them they are speaking to a beautiful woman who is going to fullfill a fantasy.
buy tend skin, in a blue bottle, at the beauty supply and try waxing next time
He's probably pretty young and insecure with his emotions.  It's difficult for men (let alone YOUNG men) to express their emotions.  He's probably feeling like he's abandoning you- and somewhat uncomfortable about the whole situation.   Remeber- men and women are different- not just physically but they way they process information- ALL information.  Give him a break.  If he loves you he'll come back- if not- then it didn't matter to begin with.  \n\nSlainte,\n\n-D
Don't worry about it, if you get stressed or very upset it can sometimes mess with your menstrual cycle. If your taking the pill or any other contraception which aims at controlling your hormones, this too can affect your cycle. If you really are worried i would just go to the doctor to be on the safe side and to put your mind at ease.
why do you want to use both, when both wouldbe doing the same thing, and even using both at the same time would slow down ur system \n\ni recommed free versionof avg for home users\nthanks
i am very prochoice, and believe that any woman, anywhere, anytime should be able to get an abortion. finally someone who agrees with me! :)
This drought map sure indicates it is needed this year. This is an "edu" link so maybe there are forecasts available as well.\nhttp://www.drought.unl.edu/ndmc/dm/monitor.html
If you look at the rating on a lot of websites, soccernet.com included, England is rated second best to lift this cup. And like i have said, in the history of this competition, only in 1958 - 1962 did Brazil take it consecutively, it has never happened again after then  and i don't expect it to happen again now. \n\nIf history repeats itself, then its Europe's turn to take the cup and England is favorite to lift it among the European teams, so i think they can win it.
A close tie to Romo and Tatum
Try talking to her and finding out the real reason she hasn't been hanging around.  You're right, it probably has nothing to do with you.  It sounds like she's jealous of the time that you and her brother spend together and feels left out.  Try to include her more and set aside special time for you and her.  So many people neglect their friends for a relationship and it should never be like that.  She may be jealous that you found someone and she's still single.  The only way to find out is to talk to her and keep trying to talk to her.  If your kids are close and you and her brother have a future you're going to be in her life for awhile, whether she likes it or not and hopefully you can find a way to peacefully co-exist.
Ebay is the way to go
A pretty face,a tight rear,and a nice chest,or a nice pair of legs.\n\nany of these will do for me.
Why don't you try a 9.0 then? Boots must ALWAYS be comfortable no matter what. So don't ever get the 8.5, and if you're growing pretty fast you might want to get the 9.5, otherwise don't.\n\nAs for boots, it depends on the type of surface you are playing on (i.e. court, field or turf) as well as what you need your boots to do for you. Remember, your boots serve you, so choose one that serves your needs. For instance, if you're the playmaker and need to spray the passes, then go for a pair that allows maximum grip and control.\n\nI haven't been keeping in touch with the latest boots so I guess you might want to go get a pair with a more experienced buyer.
There are several types of eczema. I have the type you describe on your son's hands and feet. Moisturize at least twice a day with a non-scented cream (not lotion) like Eucerin or Cetaphil or a generic equivalent.\n\nProvide them with a mild cleansing bar, such as Dove sensitive, for bathing and hand washing. Most people with eczema are very sensitive to chemicals, so apply their sunscreen and such yourself, avoiding the areas with eczema. They should avoid exposing the affected areas to very hot water, as it makes the itch unbearable.\n\nChildren's Benadryl, orally, can help with severe itching, and eczema can cause really severe itching, but it may make them sleepy. Running cool water over the affected area helps a lot. I have not found that topical Benadryl creams help much. Aveeno oatmeal products are highly recommended, but they don't help me. They're worth a try, though. Actually, the cool water helps more than anything, but it stops working when the area warms up again.\n\nOver the counter cortisone creams may treat the rash, but their doc may need to prescribe something stronger. (And I'm not sure they're recommended for children.) They shouldn't wash dishes without gloves, or mess around in other chemicals when they are having a flare up.\n\nMany kids outgrow eczema. Unfortunately, we don't all <pout>\n\n***EDIT***\n\nI almost forgot! Sunshine (not too much of course) helps many eczema sufferers. Expose the affected area for 10-15 minutes a day. I'm kinda weird about getting too hot, but many people get quite a bit of relief from sunshine. Again, it's worth a try.
They aren't giving you a hard time.  They have specific requirements that are probably spelled out in many of their publications and everyone applying for a license/photo ID needs to abide by the same rules.  Do you have a Voter Registration card?  Are you 18 at least?  Register to vote.  It's a free process and you sign your card and it is proof of residency.  You can pick up a Voter Registration application at most US Post Offices, libraries, or contact the voter registration office in your town.\n\nYou might think about applying for a US Passport.  You submit your passport application along with a copy of your birth certificate and 2 identical photographs.  A passport is a very valid form of ID and can give you that proof you need to get other forms of ID.  You will need 2 forms of ID when you are hired for jobs in the US, too.  Last time I had my passport renewed it was about $50 and it is good for 10 years but it can be used for ID even after it expires.  \n\nYou can pick up a passport application at many Post Office locations, or the process is probably available online by now.
Hell is quite painful apparently. I would not want to go to neither of them, heaven or hell.\nIt's like switching off your computer. All processes just stop.\nAnd you don't write philosophy books on "Where does PC consciousness go after switching off?" Do you? Don't think so.
I saw it for free last saturday.\n\nIt's cool!!\n\nbecause where I live, we have nothing to do. literally, and they get us free movies that are unreeased.
Just go to the Manufacturers website and download it...piece of cake!\n\nMotherboard Specs:\n\nhttp://h20000.www2.hp.com/bizsupport/TechSupport/Document.jsp?objectID=c00022505\n\nDrivers:\n\nhttp://h10025.www1.hp.com/ewfrf/wc/softwareDownloadIndex?lc=en&cc=us&lang=en&os=228&product=452872&dlc=en&softwareitem=pv-25770-1\n\nPlease note that they use this board in many of their computers (HP) you should enter the name of your computer to download the entire driver kit...the board just uses the AC97 sound so that part easy..you should have the others on hand.
contact the board of attorneys you could explain your case and even get his license revoked.  I would call info to get the number since it varies per state
Yes, these is a showroom in Banglore called Joe's Automobiles they deliver Busa at your doorstep.
we all no that
Because the government can profit from tobacco sales, and people want to smoke regardless of the health effects. The war on some drugs is just a repeat of prohibition. It's never going to succeed.
No.
Absolutely, B.com is for kids
Definitely the education system. It is somewhat a cultural issue as well.
I heard there really are those secret societies out there and they are pretty awful.  And to the guy who said it is just a book ---well so is the bible to an extent.
Well teens think they know everything,but they don't have a clue as I'm sure you know.I'm 40, now divorced w/ 2 great kids.There is a difference between Love & sex.Also there is a difference between sex & making Love.Sex is just physical.Making Love is intimate & emotional.For those who have'nt experienced that I feel sorry for you.Thats what I'm teaching my kids,but unfortunately it seems most parents today are'nt.
There are soooooo many reasons not to.
The computer needs more memory to run faster.  You can buy the (RAM) memory and install it on your computer without having to buy a new computer.
4 years ago I worked on carbon sequestration projects in Australia and internationally. This included researching biological, geological and ocean sequestration of CO2. \n\nThere are pros and cons of all these processes, but I see many more pros.  You only have to look at Statoil's Sleipner Project in Norway - They have been sequestering CO2 into high saline aquifers since 1996.\n\nThey have, in fact stopped 1 million tonnes of CO2 from entering the atmosphere per year, the equivalent emissions of a 150MW  coal fired power plant in the US.\n\nI think it is a great solution until we can move towards a hydrogen economy.
I am british also and my husband is a US citizen. It was too difficult for me to get into the US so we got married in Houston and hubby came over here to live. Getting an Entry clearance visa is relatively easy (but expensive) after 2 years he can apply for residency like my husband will in October.........that is your best option......
Go to marriage counseling with him and try to get past this with him if he is truley sorry and wants to work on the marriage with you. Did he cheat on you in the marriage and relationship or was this before you knew him? Remember as well he is a father to the child and will have to be a Dad to that child so you will also have to accept that too and let him be the dad he needs to be to that child. Please keep us posted on what happens and I am here if you need to talk. I wish you the best in working on this marriage.
how old r u? depends on how old u r. and what position u play
my moms are lesbien.. I found out the hard way.  When I was 8 years old, after my mom and dad got divorced, I was walking to my room, it went past my moms room.. and I saw her and a women flirting with eachother in a weird way.. (like touching and stuff) I just starred for a little bit, then they started kissing... I went to my room and started crying.. and it was really depressing.. I've never been the same.  But I've just come to the conclusion that I have to deal with it.  I can't change my mom's sexual preference.. and I actually think her girlfriend is really nice.  At first I hated her because I thought she was the one that turned my mom into a lesbien and ruined my life.. but later on I found out that it was my mom's choice.  She wanted to be a lesbien.  I only want whats best for her because I know before this she had a very hard life.  But this still doesn't make ME normal.. I get teased a lot at school.. and sometimes I really wish I had a "normal" life.  I hope this helped you!  and my moms dont make out in front of me... and I am not a lesbien.  they've raised me to be straight!
I haven't had any trouble with realplayer, mediaplayer or any other program and my digital pictures.  I'd have a look for a virus first to see if this is upsetting your system - you'll have to reinstall if there are viruses abd they are removed - then i'd look at control panel, and admintration tools to see if your printer and digital camera are enabled.
On death\nWhen a person dies, the entire body relaxes, releasing control over such items as the sphincter & bladder
try this strategic trick:\n\n1. go to your bank first where you are familiar with the people. ask them for a loan, get the interest rate and the plan and all details, check for any hidden extras.\n\n2. check online at all the banks offers (including your bank) print the best offers that you may get (i am sure u will get a lower interest rate than your own bank) from reliable banks.\n\n3. now be very cunning: go to the first step with a twist, show them your research, and show them the best deal you have got from the internet.\n\n4. mostly they are ready to negotiate and ask them for a lower rate than the one you have researched. mostly they will discuss (privately with some hidden manager) and  get back to you. \n\n5. if they give a lower rate you have striken a jackpot, if not go to the internet loan offer.\n\nhurrah now you can feel that consumer is a king. and you have nothing to lose.\n\ngood luck.
a 30 yr term policy is not a good choice--you will overpay the premium the first 15 yrs, and underpay the 2nd 15 yrs, to get a level premium.. a better choice would be ART, annually renewable term..this is more a pay-as-you go premium..it increases some every yr, yet you don't overpay in the early yrs to get a level premium..also, you can renew it for as long as you want to keep the policy.. much more flexible, and a better value, premium wise..look for an Independent Insurance Agent in the yellow pages, under life insurance.. that is someone who represents several different companies..he/she will search out the best value for you, based on your circumstances.. any other ??..holler back at me..good luck to you..i am a retired Independent Insurance Broker for life and health insurance, and a retired CPA, CFP, & LUTCF also.....
Yes.  See the listed source for some good information.
He deserved winning American Idol. Last night I saw on Yahoo's homepage where Kat was bulimic. Would you want her as a role model? I think not!!!
Use the quadratic formula\na = 1, b = -2 and c = 5\n[-b +/- sqrt(b^2-4ac)]/(2a)\n= [2 +/- sqrt(4-4*1*5)]/(2*1)\n= [2 +/- sqrt(4-20)]/2\n= [2 +/- sqrt(-16)]/2\n= [2 +/- 4i]/2\n= (2+4i)/2 or (2-4i)/2\n= 1+2i or 1-2i
Of course not!!!  LOL LOL LOL\n\nNo more than it will make any other bruise go away.  A bruise in internal bleeding caused by blood vessels being damaged.  Only time will heal that.\n\nBy the way hickey's make you look like immature trailer trash, they do NOT make you look cool.  Not trying to be mean--it is just a fact.
Theres alot of websites devoted to providing codes for backrounds...try mynicespace.com or pimpmyspace.com  (a general search for myspace codes will help too) once you find the image you like copy the code (it will be listed right by it) and paste the code into the "about me" section of your personal webpage
i dont no
virgo. what about u?\n\nthank you sooooooooo much for the 30 pts. you've given me!
There are two types of residue that needs to be cleaned off of your screen. If you are cleaning off...\n1. Dry dust and fingerprints, you need to go buy a soft cloth made for cleaning LCD screens and/or camera lens. These cloth ensure that you do not scratch the screen and do not smudge the fingerprints. \n\n2. Dried up liquids/other residue, you will need to also get one of those soft cloths but you will also need to buy a lens cleaner solution. These kits are usually under 10 bucks and can be found where most cameras are sold.
Yeah you definintly got strep once you get the time to get to the doctors office you should let him know about that.  He will give you a prescription for it and it should be gone within a week and a half but you have to continue taking the medicine even though the spots are gone always finish the medicine.
Anyone who knows me, knows to never, ever say anything derogatory about these young men and women in my presence, regardless of how they feel about the war. They are my brothers and sisters. Yes, there have been abuses and errors, and those need to be investigated and any violators appropriately punished. But by far the vast majority of our military personnel are professional, dedicated and just. \n\nEveryone dies eventually, but some get to die fighting for something in which they believe. To detract from this honorable death by saying they "died for nothing" is, IMHO, virtually unforgiveable. Does the person who dies in a hospital bed from some incurable disease "die for nothing?"
I just asked that question :)                                                                                       It would have to be Spandau Ballet's True.....I just knew I was in love when that song was out.  And yes, great  minds do think alike!
could it be animal krackers? that was around at roughly the time ur thinking of, and they were dressed up idiots...that sang!?\nor Banana splits, or Zoobilee Zoo as they had people dressed as a bear, a beaver, a fox....etc, or do you mean the one with the two families of (people dressed up as) bears that lived next door to each other....if thats the one you mean...gimme time, i'll have to try and remember what it was called...
The development of the stealth fighter was there. There are other top secret programs that deal only with national defense. There is NO ALIENS at area 51.
b
Being discolored because someone put a magnet near it.
giving a guy oral sex
I thought the fact that he is Howard Dean was enough proof that he's a bad choice.
a Pooka!
search here http://www.torrentz.com/ to find the torrent of the game u want\n\nthen download bitlord from here http://www.bitlord.com/ and open the file that u downloaded with the extension torrent\n\nHAVE IN MIND THAT THIS IS ILLEGAL IS BETTER IF YOU BUY THE GAME
I grew up in Queens, the Shea Stadium neighborhood. So I often got a chance to see Pete Rose play in the late 60s, early 70s. Never saw a ballplayer who hustled with such intensity as Pete Rose. On a routine ground ball, he would sprint with all of his heart to first base. If he thought the play would be close, he would dive head first to try to beat the throw. He was a geniune ballplayer, all heart, and a gifted batting eye. That's why he holds the record for most career hits, breaking Ty Cobb's record. Needless to say, he belongs in the hall of fame. And he's probably better than 75 percent of the inductees.\n\nAll I have to say about that is the steroid issue now permeating baseball is a greater crime than Pete Rose betting on baseball games not involving his team. Bart Giamonti, baseball commissioner who banned Rose, was too full of himself. No where near as great as Rose was to baseball. Let him in and we should all beg for his forgiveness.
From personal experience, both are very toxic, with some really adverse side effects. My body did not like Docetaxel (Taxotere) and tolerated Paclitaxel a little better.  \n\nI wish you well
Think u've learned a lesson\n\nBe specific in u'r questions\nbetter luck next time !
Frogs and toads display some of the most amazingly varied breeding behaviors and mechanisms :-)\nThe Surinam toad (Pipa pipa) is an aquatic species in which the eggs, after being fertilized during a complex courtship,  are placed with the aid of the male on the back of the female, embedded in the skin. The eggs do not undergo indirect developmet as in most frogs (they don't hatch as tadpoles), instead, after 3/5 months they emerge as young juvenile frogs. \nMore Information from Animal Diversity Web:\nhttp://animaldiversity.ummz.umich.edu/site/accounts/information/Pipa_pipa.html\n\nIn addition, there are some frogs in South America known as "marsupial frogs". These are tree frogs in which the female has a dorsal pouch of skin on her back, and the eggs develop inside this pouch. After hatching, they come out of the pouch opening that opens posterodorsally. \nThis is what the female with the eggs looks like:\nhttp://nature.berkeley.edu/~screws/trinidad%20dir/images/IMG_1411.jpg\n\nAnd there's another amazing frog here in Argentina: the tiny green Darwin frog that lives in the southwestern forests. In this species, the male takes the eggs after they've been fertilized and puts them in his vocal sacs (the pouches at his throat that he uses to produce sounds). They stay in the vocal sacs until they're more developed and can come out and go on growing by themselves.\nhttp://www.globalamphibians.org/images/rhinoderma_copyrighted.jpg\nI know this has nothing to do with the question, but I think these are so interesting! :-)
"Some nutritionists, researchers, and scientists believe that it could be the most important health-promoting supplement next to a multi-vitamin. Nearly every system in the body can benefit from flax seed oil's natural properties, including the cardiovascular system, immune system, circulatory system, reproductive system, nervous system, as well as joints.\n\nJust look at this list of facts and studies of what Flax Seed Oil can and may accomplish:\n\n- Research shows low incidence of breast cancer and colon cancer in populations that have high amounts of lignan in their diet. Flax is 100 times richer in lignan than most whole grains.\n\n- Studies show that Omega-3 fatty acids help lower cholesterol and blood triglycerides, and prevent clots in arteries, which may result in strokes, heart attacks and thromboses.\n\n- Helps protect the body against high blood pressure, inflammation, water retention, sticky platelets and lowered immune function.\n\n- Shortens recovery time for fatigued muscles after exertion.\n\n- Increases the body's production of energy and also increases stamina.\n\n- Accelerates the healing of sprains and bruises.\n\n- Eases weight loss in people afflicted with obesity.\n\n- Stimulates brown fat cells and increases the metabolic rate making it easier to burn off fat.\n\n- Improves the absorption of Calcium.\n\n- Strengthens finger and toenails.\n\n- Can improve eyesight and perception of colors.\n\n- Can often improve the function of the liver.\n\n- Can relieve the side effects and stop development of many forms of cancer.\n\n- Can relieve some cases of Asthma.\n\n- Helpful in the treatment of Eczema, Psoriasis, and Dandruff.\n\n- Can relieve the symptoms of Rheumatoid Arthritis. It can relieve the symptoms of Diabetes Mellitus.\n\n- Can alleviate some allergies.\n\n- Helps prevent Atherosclerosis (the accumulation of fatty deposits inside the blood vessels, especially the large and medium-sized arteries, that many people experience during the aging process).\n\n- Lowers high blood pressure in Hypertension sufferers.\n\n- Has been scientifically proven to treat some cases of depression.\n\n- Can improve the mental function of many old age pensioners.\n\n- Can help in the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis.\n\n- Has been proven to improve the behavior of Schizophrenics.\n\n- Can relieve some cases of Premenstrual Syndrome (PMS) in females.\n\n- And more...! "\nand i use flax seed oil for   Psoriasis  .   i'm an herbalist.
me! I'm not voting for them I like Serbia! OOOOOOO Go Serbia!lol, srry, OOOOOO Go Korea!
I'm from California and I would have to say UC Davis or UCLA would be good schools for your field. You should check out their websites for further information in deciding. ucdavis.edu or ucla.edu.
go to www.google.ca or www.yahoo.com and type in "sailors, USS Molala ATF, 1975" ... continue to narrow down the search as much as you can with information you get from the results of the search.. for example, a resulting webpage might give you the names of one or two of your Navy colleagues, so in your next search, use the original search information you provided and add the names of those people until you get the information you're looking for!
Are you talking about India Institute of Technology?  Check out their website.  \nhttp://www.iitd.ac.in/admission/index.html.  \n\nYou can definitely do a BSC from IIT.  What are you so worried about?
Democrats without a doubt. They owe favors to the big corporations so they do what they tell them.\n\nI don't care for the other party neither. But dollar for dollar-the Democrats are the greediest and most selfish who think more about themselves and not others
People tend to fear that which they do not understand, or which challenges their preconcieved notions about their world. This is particularly true for those who are insecure in their avowed "beliefs," which are actually nothing more than "inherited" beliefs from their parents. The unexamined faith is actually no faith at all. It's almost axiomatic that the more insecure people are in their own faith, the more hostile they are to the faiths of others.\n\nThat's why they seem to be afraid of you, and why they seem antagonistic: you call into question beliefs about which they themselves are insecure.
Here's an article from TIME Magazine that should provide some comfort and ideas for you:\n\nWhy Abby Can't Talk\n\nShe has a condition called selective mutism that is neither as rare nor as hopeless as experts believed. But the right help is hard to find. \n\nAbby Barnes' hand shoots up nearly every time her teacher asks the 19 squirmy first-graders in her suburban Philadelphia public school to match letters of the alphabet to the sounds they make. Sitting up front with her pinchable cheeks framed by long blond hair, Abby, 7, looks as eager as any of her classmates to blurt out an answer. But every time the teacher calls on her, Abby freezes. Her face tightens. She strains to respond. And even if an answer manages to get past her lips, her words are inaudible. She's effectively mute throughout the school day--even at recess, where the closest she will come to open communication is words whispered to a trusted girlfriend.\n\nAt home, however, Abby is a different child. She loves to play cards and board games and frolic with her brother Jack, 5. "She speaks loudly--sometimes too loudly--and can be bossy toward her brother," says mother Lisa Barnes, who runs the trading desk at a money-management firm. Abby is, in every other way, a perfectly normal child who has no shortage of extracurricular activities, including horseback-riding lessons and dance classes that she's been attending since she was 4. "Performing in public is fine," says her mother. "She likes people to look at her and applaud."\n\nSo why doesn't she speak up in class? What may at first glance look like shyness or obstinacy is actually something far more complex--and much more interesting. Abby, like hundreds of thousands of kids across the U.S., is suffering from a little understood but increasingly recognized childhood disorder called selective mutism.\n\nThe key to selective mutism, or SM for short, is the seemingly incongruous behavior Abby exhibits: voluble in private, silent in public. According to the official psychiatric diagnostic manual DSM-IV, a child who has developed normally at home but has not talked at school or in other social situations for at least a month is a strong candidate for a diagnosis of SM. Experts once believed that fewer than 1 in 1,000 kids developed the disorder, but an influential study three years ago in the Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry put the prevalence at closer to 7 in 1,000, making SM almost twice as common as autism.\n\nSM can strike at any age, even among children who once talked in public, but it usually becomes obvious by age 3 or 4, when peers are happily jabbering away. About 30% of kids with SM also have a developmental speech impairment, which can exacerbate the problem but is generally not the cause. In the past doctors often recommended speech therapy, but treating the physical or neurological issues alone will probably have little impact on the underlying psychological factors behind SM.\n\nThe root of the problem in most cases is an extreme form of social anxiety or phobia. "It is a fear that can literally make it impossible to speak," says Dr. Elisa Shipon-Blum, a Philadelphia-based clinician who specializes in treating selective mutism. As with most social anxieties, SM is more common in girls and is believed to have a strong genetic component. About 70% of kids with SM have an immediate family member who also struggles with social anxiety.\n\nCompared with childhood disorders in which children are disruptive and disorderly-- such as attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)--selective mutism gets less attention and considerably fewer research dollars. "These children are ignored because, let's face it, they aren't causing anyone trouble. They are literally left alone and forgotten about," says psychologist Lindsey Bergman, associate director of the UCLA child and adolescent OCD [obsessiv
A snake and an aadvark.I'd call it a snaadvark.\n\nI'd invent it for the sole reason that it's name gave me amusement. Is that wrong?
freestyle and drowning myself!!
if you want to u can download kazza and u can get a whole lot of free music.just know the name and artist most of the time thats all you got to know
It's like walking around going "I'm so cool!"\nor "I'm not gay!"\nor "I'm not a sexy Korean girl!"
accessfl.com
Try this page:\n\nhttp://www.purplemath.com/modules/radicals.htm
Prenatal vitamins will not make your breasts bigger.\nThe pregnancy hormones will make your breasts tender and sore and as you near the birth of your child, the breasts will swell with milk.\n\nBut prenatal vitamins have absolutely nothing to do with it. They are just large doses of the vitamins and minerals that your body needs because the baby is leeching what it needs to thrive and grow.
There is such a thing as an "implied easement" for utilities.  Almost certainly, that's what your state allows.  In order to let ulitlity companies provide service throughout their territory, they get automatic easement rights to string wires, lay pipeline, and such.  \n\nYes, your title is valid.  And when you think about it, you will see that your property is *more* valuable for having the gas service than it would be if no gas line were there.  So you (or a future buyer is not damaged by the gas line, which would be a major consideration in any title suit).\n\nGood luck, and don't worry.
As far as I know, after marrying a US Citizen you can stay and wait for your green card. You'd have to go through several interviews before you get your green card.\n\nMy friend keep her f-1 status before she got her green card a year after marrying a US citizen. I believe the waiting period is different in each state - so the best is contact your local immigration office.
His ring abilities need a lot of work. Needs polish. And the mic work - OMG! I have to hit the mute button!
both try to do same, but domainkeys looks good. but neither is best.
I am not sure what you are asking.
Eww... gross, Jim! Jeez, I just ate!!!
Wish i could email karen and find out what , in her right to life idealism, then how to they deal with repeat offenders, cop killers,. rapists and child molesters, right to life,.. well remember the life that repeat criminals and cop killers took,... killa cop,. you die ,. rape a child,. you die, no questions, no life long prison bill. i belive in right to life too ,.. If you take one ,.. you lose your right to life. Unless, it was  in self-defense
No. DH is an Autoimmune disorder caused when the immune\nsystem starts destroying one or more of its own tissue components. DH patients have different types of skin rashes\nincluding bullae and these rashes appear in groups. This disease\nhas remissions and relapses at variable intervals and is associated with gluten enteropathy
25% ?\n\n1/4 x 1/5 = 1/20\n\n14/0.05 = 280???\n\nSorry, but what the hell are you on about????
Michigan, if you seek a pleasant peninsula look around you.
It depends on the circumstances. If you make your complaint orally or informally, it is quite acceptable to say you made a complaint. On the other hand, if you complain by completing a formal complaint in writing, like a form for example, then you can say you lodged or registered it.
The face pretty much defines the character and the hair pretty much shows their style.
It sounds like the relationship just isn't working out. It happens. People change, get interested in different things, no big deal. If you feel you are ready to, end the relationship and try dating other people.
yes there is, we had it in nursin school and the person is right you have to have the ultra light to see it and it makes your hands glow orange if you have not washed properly
I do not care about a sport where groups of guys kick a ball up and down a field and try to kick it into a net. I like playing the sport but It is just boring to watch it. As boring as watching a video game play itself when you can choose to play it if you want to.
Go to the search page and use keywords to search for people who might have the same interests.  You can also choose male or female, etc. on that page.  After you get a list, just start looking at other people's pages until you find some that may interest you.  Just keep in mind it's all trial and error so be patient and eventually you'll have made some new friends.
There is a scientific theory that our "universe" is in a larger multiverse.  Though there is no way to prove either way at this point.
I went to the doctor and told him the same thing---he gave me a sample pack of Lavitra----WOW---did it work or what. I got an erection that lasted and was fuller than normal. Even after I blu, it stayed up. After a while my wife said ok I'm done. \nConsult your doctor about this and read the warnings on the label---\nSome of the side effects that I did encounter was a stuffy nose, headache, and  very mild dizziness.
First off, I am sorry you are in that situation.  I was too, and I did marry that guy.  I do love my husband but we still don't get along any better. We were forced into marriage because I was pregnant and I had just left an abusive realtionship and wanted a steady thing.  Don't settle with someone just to settle down.  Sure the idea of a husband is nice, but what is the point if you can't get along?  Your happiness is of the utmost importance.  You need to sit down and have a talk with him about your feelings, he at least deserves that. He may feel the same way. Good Luck!
The day I received my endowments in the Mormon temple and was sealed to my spouse for time and all eternity.  It lasted the whole day and now everytime I go back to the temple to do work for the dead.  It is wonderful!
If that is the entire story then that outcome is completely bogus. There is NOTHING wrong with touching another person on the head, shoulder, leg, back, etc. There is only something wrong when a person touches a "bad" place, which CLEARLY was not happening and was not going to happen in the middle of the street. \n\nWhat should have happened? The parents should have gotten a lecture on teaching their daughter. The daughter should have gotten a lecture on not running into the street. And the man should have gotten a lecture on smartening up in our lawsuit and sex-crime crazed society. There was no need for any trials or arrests. \n\nAnd how is someone who was NOT CONVICTED (ie: innocent) of a crime forced to register as a sex offender? That simply doesn't make any sense at all.
maito,papi,bebe,chikito,etc
Are you a Sherpa?  Check with the US Dept. of State. for travel warnings.  See links below.
Mavs beat Steve Nash and the Suns so I would say the Mavs of course
The answer is yes. Anything the president does from now until the end of his term will be pounced upon by his detractors in an effort to demoralize and discredit. Anything that happens in Iraq that either is negative or can be spun in a negative view, likewise.\n\nAs long we have to deal with the Ted Kennedys and Hillary Clintons of this world, people will continue to misunderstand the events going on around them, because they will be listening to campaigns of misinformation.\n\nOne example is the person who answered saying that the American people were told that the war would be over in less than a year. The truth is that major combat operations were over in far less than a year, but then terrorist, jihadist, anti-American insurgents began their campaign of murder and quasi-organized crime (such as kidnappings for ransom). See, people listen to the liberal, far-left media and other whining sources, and come to believe that Bush lied - instead of what really happened, which is that he was talking about major operations (force-on-force maneuvering at the division-element level), which really was over in less than a year.\n\nThe same people who spread the misinformation in the first place will be the first ones to blow the whistle when their nonsense doesn't pan out.
You could use the old school approach- use mono filament line, such as super-thin clear fishing line. Experiment with the film angles and lighting to get decent footage where the lines are not visible. That's how they did it for decades, not only in stop motion, but live action films (see just about any 1950s Grade-B sci-fi/horror/alien invasion film to see how NOT to do it, where the lines are completely visible) Digital editing is a nice idea, but it kind of does away with the whole idea of stop motion- if you can digitally manipulate the back ground, why stop there? why not just digitally manipulate all the action as well?
I have been to youth camps, but I am sorry, I have not heard of these people.  I hope you find them.  :)
You mean they last that long??? OMG. I just started getting them like 2 monthes ago... Im getting help and stuff but other than that.. omg...
This is the address for the craigslist foundation:\n\n60 Spear St. 9th Floor\nSan Francisco, CA 94105\n\nCould not find the phone number...but call information at 555-1212 and ask for the phone number to this address, they should be able to direct you to the correct contact phone number.\n\nGood luck
Check out the BBC site
get a job
324 months\n1412 weeks\n9888 days\n237298 hours\n14237897 minutes\n854273870 seconds\nCouldn't write the milliseconds down fast enough!  A lot, though.  :)\n\nMy next bday is in 338 days, 10 hours, 42 minutes\nIt's crazy to watch the milliseconds ticking away like that!  Auggh!  Scary!
yea i guess so\nu make ur program calls in the ISR"interrupt service routine"
2 dudes worked for me
When I was working in the biochemistry lab, I was using sonication first to lyse the bacteria.  I don't know for certain about your case, but the lysozyme wasn't strong enough for for my bacteria.  I used lysozymes for the larger, less durable mammalian cells.
the nugs and heat had no pick the spurs had the 59th pick and the pistons had the 60th i think the pistons got a decent backup in will blalock and cleared up some cap space by getting rid of mo evans for some lengthy european big man that should be ready in a couple of years
Usually to do this you need to have an advance software program for editing pictures such as Paint, Microsoft Digital Suite, Adobe Photoshop etc...\n\nWhen you have this program it is simple, you will just follow the tutorials.
every song they made is there best song but especially dance dancd or sugar were going down
like other people have stated, i don't think that the whole gay community thinks badly of bisexuals. those who do probably think in black or white, male or female, gay or straight. they probably feel that bisexuals are gays who use bisexuality as a way to still be socially acceptible because they can be out with members of the opposite sex, and yet in the privacy of their bedrooms, are sleeping with members of the same sex-the whole having your cake and eating it too. they also want to believe that these people are lying to themselves, of course it doesn't help when there are a large amounts of married people who are looking for a same sex lover when their husband or wife is away. and the rise of bi-chic girls-the type of girls who make out with each other when at clubs/parties/ on videos such as girls gone wild, or the  "i'm 100% straight male, until i'm drunk and horny, then whatever is available" guys, they don't quite paint bisexuals in the best light. \nthere is nothing wrong with bisexuality, love is love no matter who is it with. the things that make you sexually attracted to a woman is completely different than those that make you attracted to a man. i think as long as you and your partner/partners have no problem with your bisexuality, then you have no problem at all, and never mind those people who don't understand about you, straight or gay!
yeah it will on the second tuesday of next week.
it uses ethanol,,, think
I would go back to before my son died, and have more photos taken of him and his big sister, and i would insist his father not go back on the road.  Fred had to leave the night Hunter was born to resume the tour he was on.  Hunter died 11 days later of SIDS  on nov 28.05 .  I would give anything to turn back time and give them the time they should have had together....
I'd like to Invite the Scottish bastrad round to my local on Sunday when we play Equador. \n\nLets see how fucking hard he is then eh?\n\nMaybe gww100 might like to join him. I'll give you a shout if they turn up Andy lad!
not sure they'll have one but normally\nwww.downloads.com\nis pretty good for freeware products....
Try Finale 2006 - http://www.finalemusic.com/finale/features/default.aspx
No, people should not beat their kids.  No one should hit anyone.  Hittiing kids just teaches them that it is ok to try to get your  own way by using violence and that it is ok for a big person to hit a small person.  Hitting a child is assault and anyone who does it should be charged and convicted and go to jail to be hit everyday by someone much bigger than them.
Yes, you're right, "Billy Madison"\nhttp://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112508/quotes
france was stronger than spain...i dont know what happened to spain but they seemed to lack in their defense and accuracy
fran tarkenton
no time?...liposuction...no hassles
when i took biology in highschool we learned about plants, animals, all kinds of different cells and organisms and stuff...
Practice the sports you'll do in gym at home with your dad or a friend who is good at them.  That way you'll feel more comfortable in gym class and not suck quite as bad.
Honor her feelings, don't see them as a problem that needs to be fixed. Ask her what makes her feel good. If it is a bubble bath, always works for me, then buy her some nice bubble bath and a scented eye pillow. Give her some space. If it takes weeks or months to pass talk to a doctor, otherwise let her feel her feelings.
Go here and do the scan and removal the correct way. Most Malware are able to hide part in hidden areas not accessed by the AV/AS programs run in normal operating mode.\n\nhttp://www.microsoft.com/windows/IE/community/columns/bugbusting.mspx
The Christian image could be improved by Christian families by displaying "family values" in public such as praying at the table before eating their food in restaurants.  You can tell a Christian by their acts of kindness, their acts of non rudeness.  They do not boast about their religion, but set a good example of being Christ like....not like Christ around other people.  They are just "darn nice people"!   When you are looking at a person who is really making you mad, picture them as though it were Christ's face and then see how you would answer them instead of what you were gonna do or say.  It's dramatically different than what you were thinking at first.  Jesus loves OUR ememies as much as He loves us.  That's all I can say about it right now.
Blinking is to distribute fluid over the cornea.\nYour eye is a little moist ball and the part that touches air slowly dries.\nYour eye doesn't like being dry, you don't either it hurts.\nSo you have a build in eyemoistdistributor.\nThe body is a wonderful creation and an amazing design everything has a purpose.\nOh and you're not alone most people even blink when they're sleeping and without opening their eye.\nThis system is designed to be fully automated and continue even when asleep.
ya,  just casualy look down at the "problem" and say "hey man" and maybe just gesture to the issue with out saying a word so to save them embarassment.  i would appreciate it if it was me.
as i dont know your age its hard to give advice. if your legally an adult you can do what you want. though i would listen to my parents if they had concerns. they are only thinking of your well being and dont want to see you get hurt.
I have owned 2 condos & 2 houses.  I noted that owning and living in each of them posed different benefits and concerns. \nCONDO is the way to go IF\n1 -   You can afford to pay the Mainteance Fees. \n2 - You realize that even after you pay the mortgage on your condo, you will also still have to continue paying the mainteance fees.  \n3 - the BENEFIT is that there is no shoveling of snow, and the association will do all outside repairs. \n  \nA HOUSE is the way to go if:  \n1 - You want more privacy\n2 - You want your own private yard.  I miss that about the houses. \n3 - If you enjoy or are willing to do some repairs around the house.  I learned how to do all sorts of things & loved it. \n4 - There are NO Mainteance Fee payments to an agency, you just pay for your own repair costs.  \nIf you need help with finding the luckiest numbers to help you find the luckiest homes, or finding the best dates to move, etc. visit http://astrowishes.com
ICK! NO!
try using a free program it is called FreeRIP, when you install it it will ask you to register it, DONT - it stays free if you dont register.i\n\nafter ripping your music to a folder then just drag and drop all media player and all MP3 format, Please Note, that you can store anything on an MP3 Player, just not songs, I have stored data on MP3 Players and took it to a other machine and it worked, its like a miniture Portable Harddrive, I have gotten an MP3 Player it is 256mb, I can store up to about 85 songs,    hope this helped this is the simplest way to do this, :-)
try log in Windows Safe Mode. Then add a new user with Administrator access.\n\nTo get into the Windows 2000 / XP Safe mode, as the computer is booting press and hold your "F8 Key" which should bring up the "Windows Advanced Options Menu" as shown below. Use your arrow keys to move to "Safe Mode" and press your Enter key.
I Think SO. HE IS
My lips on your lips
love is love and if u feel the same way for him in real life as on the net then you should follow your heart. i'm writing this as iris plays and makes my throat grow a lump. so go for your life.
roxio easy dvd creator 8 or nero 7 ultra adition\nor sonic my dvd i would suggest roxio 8 its realy great
I don't orgasm unless my husband or myself rub my clitoris. Maybe you could try having him play with you during intercourse. Good Luck
I don't use WMP for this kind of thing, but if you look for Blaze Audio Prob (BAP) on google, you can download a free 25 day trial, where you just select .wav files, and click to MP3, and it does the job
A beam splitter is an optical device that splits a beam of light in two. It is the crucial part of most interferometers.\n\nIn its most common form, it is a cube, made from two triangular glass prisms which are glued together at their base using Canada balsam. The thickness of the resin layer is adjusted such that (for a certain wavelength) half of the light incident through one "port" (i.e. face of the cube) is reflected and the other half is transmitted. Polarizing beam splitters, such as the Wollaston prism, use birefringent materials, splitting light into beams of differing polarization.\n\nAnother design is the use of a half-silvered mirror. This is a plate of glass with a thin coating of aluminum (usually deposited from aluminum vapour) with the thickness of the aluminum coating such that, of light incident at a 45 degree angle, one half is transmitted and one half is reflected. Instead of a metallic coating, a dielectric optical coating may be used. Similarly, a very thin pellicle film may also be used as a beam splitter.\n\nA third version of the beam splitter is a dichroic mirrored prism assembly which uses dichroic optical coatings to split the incoming light into three beams, one each of red, green and blue. Such a device was used in multi-tube colour television cameras and also in the 3 film Technicolor movie cameras.\n\nIn Physics, the beam splitter is famous for its use in the Michelson-Morley experiment in 1887.
Dude , you gotta listen to those words in your head, she is saying, there is someone else, this is for the best-translation: this is for my best interest. If in time our paths yada yada yada: leave me alone and don't stalk me, if I get kicked to the curb by my new dude, I may give you another shot to build my self esteem back up. "I need some time" : I need some time with my new b/f. what you should do is say thanks for the memories, and part company, I know that may sound like I'm making it sound easy and it's not but you have gotta do it. all of our relationship skills come from past relationships. you gotta learn new skills when ending a relationship or you will resort to using past skills, no matter how tough it is, don't pick up that phone and call her. being a guy, you are inherently built with the idea you can fix this lil problem. that their has to be a solution, problem is , you aren't dealing with a problem, you are dealing with a female, if she wants it a certain way, she will have it her way. every lil mind game you play, she has seen it and probably played it before.\nmen aren't built to lose, we have really big egos and this little fragile thing told you that you weren't good enuf for her anymore.\nit happens, get use to it. the sooner you learn how to deal with being dumped, the better you will get at it. good luck........
What...the...hell...? Dude, don't take acid and then try to work your computer. It's just a bad idea.
Greetings,\n\nIf they left it would have meant the death of the guard. So they stayed to save his life. They were willing to sacrifice their own lives for the life of the guard. God ordered the doors opened and also put it in their hearts to stay. In doing this his justice was revealed and the guard came to realize through repentance that his name was written in the Lambs book of life from the foundation of the world.\n\nGreat question,\n\nPeace to you and your home,\n\nBondservant
What you are wanting to do is a binding spell.
drifting is stupid.. all show, why drift when you could actually take a tighter corner with a sweet car like an F1
hes probably the worst actor i can think of, other than that one Baldwin, he completely ruined the movie Kingdom Of Heaven
judges will indicate the winner by circling the name of the boxer who won the bout on the basis of the following points.\nWho was the more effective aggressor?\nIf still equal, who had the best defense?\nIf still equal, who boxed the cleanest and exhibited outstanding sportsmanship.
If you look at it as similar to english on a billiard ball, then backspin should result in more ground balls, while a forespin should tend towards more fly balls.\n\nBut in slow pitch, it's hard to get enough spin to get much movement on the ball.  Back when I was younger, I was working on a bit of a curveball in slow pitch -- doesn't get much movement, but enough to fool some batters.
that's a good question... i don't know, but i wish you luck...
Just like the way you would create a shortcut to the file, you can just create a shortcut to the folder itself. Click on the folder that the file is in (using your right mouse click) and create a shortcut and then drag the shortcut to your desktop =)\n\nIf you want to create your own icon or use the file icon as your shortcut thats already on the desktop, then do the following:\n\nGo to the file folder that the file is in. Right click on and you need to copy or keep note of the location. The location will show you the path to the folder. Then go back to your desktop to whichever icon you want to use as your shortcut, right click on it, and then on the location path name, paste the location there.
City of Blinding Lights, I think.
First one:\n\n25 * [1/5 (4) + 4/5 (x)] = 0\n20 + 20x=0\n20x = -20\nx = -1\n\nSecond one:\n20 [1/4 (5) + 3/4 (x) ] = 0\n25 + 15x = 0\n15x = -25\nx = -25/15\nx = -1 2/3\n\nThird one:\n30 [ 1/3 (3 1/3) + 2/3 (x )] = 0\n100/3 +20x = 0\n20x = -33 1/3\nx = -1 2/3\n\n50 [ 1/2 (2) + 1/2 (x) ] = 0\n50 + 50x = 0\n50x = -50\nx = -1
Talk to them about it.
It is not bad for you, but then again it is not beneficial - so I would recommend not eating it.
Rondo has the most volatile draft stock in this draft by far. He's slated to go as high as 7 or as low as 25.  I have him going to Indiana with the 17th pick.  Anthony Johnson is a free agent and they've been rumored to want to move oft-injured Jamaal Tinsley.  Rondo has been said by some to be the second best point guard in the draft behind Marcus Williams (if you consider Randy Foye more of a small 2 guard).  Where Williams and Foye end up will really determine where Rondo goes. If they go high, so might Rondo. If they slip, so will he.
i usually used any (or all, if need to be) search engines and typed in "lyrics: (song title/artist/part of the lyrics that i understand)" and it'll automatically looked for that. you must be sure of the lyrics because it is possible that you may received multiple results and you have to look for that particular song in the list of result...
In this country as a whole, we speek English. Although we do have many different cultures that have immagrated here, we are primarily English speaking people, so I do feel that English needs to be our National Language!
Here is the link.  There are 2 charts to see.  Good luck!
first, they are the same\nnext, when it comes to evaluating them, we know that the part in the parenthesis means that tan(theta)=x/2\nsince tan is y/x, then y = x and x = 2\nto find r, use the pythagorean theorem so that x^2 + 2^2 = r^2\nmaking r = the square root of (x^2 + 4)\nso, the cos, being x/r would be 2/square root of(x^2 + 4)\nIf you wanted to remove the radical from the denominator, multiply both sides by the square root of (x^2 + 4) and simplify to get the final answer of (2*the square root of (x^2 + 4))/(x^2 + 4)
All of the answers prior to mine are possibly right  can you provide any more info i.e. did it make a drumming sound ,does the edge of the caudal fin (tail) have a blue tint as does a small red fish the size you described?longnose gar in there juvenile state which would be the size you described could possibly have only one spot, but the long nose should have been a give away. I think you caught a red drum though.         P.S.Spottail is strictly saltwater fish they require very high salinity to  for comfort.....P.S.S.We also have a species of bream in the Apalachicola and choctawahachee river systems called painted bream which have many different colors as well as patterns. Most spots are dark red almost maroon, but I have seen them w/ black spots....
Just be yourself. Some boys like tom-boys, and some like girly-girls. Don't change to impress. If they really like you when you are being yourself, then you know its for real.
No. Besides the fact that, unfortunately, people who hate America are dispersed throughout the world, the earth's orbit is dependent on its momentum. Since momentum is mass x velocity and we are all part of that mass whether we're jumping or not, the momentum and therefore, the orbit, will not change.
showing up for the classes you don't like and the realizing that you cannot graduate without that class and that you have a whole year ahead of you to get through that class!!!  UGH
Based on my experience, it's probably not that much. I used to work in a bank and would review loan applications from people with little or no credit history. Your best bet is to get a co-signer with a good credit history to back the loan with you being the primary applicant but even with this approach you may still only qualify for up to a few thousand or less depending on your current income and other expenses. Although, even starting with just a few thousand it should be a good starting loan to establish some history for you. Keep in mind though that every lender has their own requirements but the more lenient they are you're probably paying for that with a much higher interest rate.
www.pga.com improve your game section\nhow to fix that dreaded slice. Learning to swing your club on an inside-to-out path through impact, Hilts says, is a permanent fix.\nhttp://www.pga.com/improve/tips\n\n\n\nthree drills you can do to help cure that frustrating slice.\nhttp://www.pga.com/improve/tips/swing
Apostle Peter\nWhat was it like to walk on the water?\nWhy did he talk when he was with Jesus, James, and John on the mount of Transfiguration?\nWhat was it like to preach the first sermon on the day of Pentecost?
Honestly, having gone through chemo myself, the best thing to do is to have it trimmed frequently and use good quality (salon only) shampoos and conditioners. Also, she should ask her doctor if she can take a vitamin supplement, which will help her hair grow, when she finishes her therapy.
When a government bans a terrorist organisation all the assets, and bank accounts of its recognised and known members are frozen by the particular government. This restricts the availability of cash to them and other countries too start banning them.
The number of pins on the package will vary by processor.\nHowever, by visiting:\n\nhttp://www.amd.com/us-en/Processors/TechnicalResources/0,,30_182_739_7203,00.html\n\nyou can look up most of the AMD processors.  You'll note\nthat the AMD processors fit into two packages: "Socket 754"\nand "Socket 940".\n\nThe chips which uses "Socket 754", have 754 pins, and\nsimilarly, the chips which use the "Socket 940" has\n(approximately) 940 pins.  I say "approximately" because,\nfor example, the "AMD Athlon 64X2 Dual-Core" processor only\nimplements 939 pins (apparently leaving one unfilled in the\n940 socket).\n\nIf you visit the Intel site, you'll find that many of the \nPentiums (ie. "Intel Pentium D Processor 840") have 775\npins, see:\n\n\nhttp://indigo.intel.com/compare_cpu/showchart.aspx?mmID=868125,868124,868123&familyID=1&culture=en-US\n\nor (like the "Pentium 4 Processor") 478 pins:\n\nhttp://indigo.intel.com/compare_cpu/showchart.aspx?mmID=868123,860679,849134&familyID=1&culture=en-US
communication is sometime our worst ennemy, some days it's better to stay silent, loose our mobiles and forget the passwords.  \nA bear in a cave is such a lucky phenomenon that can happen to you when you can receive overseas phonecalls from your stepmother. It can be peaceful when people do not communicate
At my age, maybe.But then again, I'm deaf.
Put ur legs inside the holes and slide the briefs up ur legs and ur huge butt.
google it or try yahoo yellow pages.
1998 I hope
do u ask because your waist is deep?
Yes, and if Americans don't find a way to deal with it, violence, and civil war are just around the corner, right here on American soil.
Uhhh. no comment
Global warming is the observed increase in the average temperature of the Earth's atmosphere and oceans in recent decades. (http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/global%20warming ). It is mostly man-made and comes from everything from factories to cars. (http://www.epa.gov/ebtpages/airairpoglobalwarming.html )Almost every single real scientific study links global warming directly to humans.\n\nIt's only certain political figures that don't want to change for reasons easily guessable. That is why the whole developed world signed that Kyoto Treaty and why every single developed country is working to reduce their polluting of the air, water, and land. \n\nSee the new Gore movie, it has the backing of the scientific AND POLITICAL groups: \n\nScientific community: http://www.usatoday.com/tech/science/200...\n\nGovernment Groups:\n\nNOAA (National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration) on why Peer-Reviewed Journals are the only real scientific studies to be believed: http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/paleo/globalwar...\n\nThe EPA's site for KIDS: http://www.epa.gov/globalwarming/kids/in...\n\nFrom NASA:\nhttp://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/library...\n\nThe Atmospheric Radiation Measurement (ARM) Program is an important part of the U.S. Department of Energy's strategy to understand global climate change:\nhttp://education.arm.gov/studyhall/warmi...\n\nhttp://globalchange.gov/\nhttp://www.fueleconomy.gov/feg/climate.s...\nhttp://marine.usgs.gov/cgi-bin/locator?s...\nhttp://www.usaid.gov/our_work/environmen...\nhttp://lwf.ncdc.noaa.gov/oa/climate/globalwarming.html\n\nAll of the above are .gov sites.\n\nEdit: \n\nNotice how the person below me offers no evidence what-so-ever.  That is exactly what is holding us back in taking real steps in fixing this very easily fixable problem.  All people like this due is try to poke holes in something that is already rock-solid in ALL REAL SCIENTIFIC (GOVERNMENT) COMMUNITIES. Hollywood, Gore, or anyone else who has made this up.  It is our own government organizations, working separately, that have all come to the same conclusion.  The people who don't believe offer nothing but opinions and fake studies done by non-governmental - or none-peer reviews - organizations.\n\nIt is a real problem that can be fixed with easy measures.
Anywhere!!!  Go to your local dollar store or corner store for the cheapest ones!!!
As an American, I can say that the defeat of the "greatest military in the world" by a few insurgents has been embarrassing.
The adventures of Lois and Clark? It got cancelled awhile back.
#1 - SPELL CHECK!  Check your grammer too!  Loading up a page with Google Ads does not make it a shopping site - that being said - it is a great idea!!  Put a little more work into it - spice up the design - make it less ad driven (at least for now) and provide links to the sites that matter to a "Mommy".
You can't go wrong with a simple black or gray suit (whether pants or skirt) and a crisp white shirt. Your town may have a clothing bank (usually found in a church outreach ministry or as part of an employment assistance agency) or if you have thrift stores in town such as Salvation Army, etc. you will be able to find inexpensive clothing there that is top notch. Do your best to keep your look simple and professional, and look and smell clean. Your ATTITUDE will be your best piece of wearing apparel!
3^(5x-2)' =  e^{(5x-2) Ln(3)}' = 3^(5x-2) (5 Ln 3)\n\nremeber: a ^ b = e^(b Ln(a))\n\n(Sorry for last post)
There are many therapies available today to treat emetophobia.\n\nAll phobias are symptoms of an anxiety disorder because, if you weren't frightened, you wouldn't have the phobia and you shouldn't be frightened of things that don't pose any risk to you. The same is true of Emetophobia.\n\nSo how do you stop the cycle?\n\nSimple...you defeat the anxiety disorder that causes the nausea and the fear of vomiting (emetophobia) and, therefore, you stop the phobia.\n\nThis works every time but you have to know how to stop the anxiety.\n\n\n-Regression Hypnotherapy is one therapy that will allow a person to remember that particular event and review it with 'adult' eyes this time around. This will then allow them to interpret the event correctly and it will no longer be an issue for them\n\nAlternative Therapies\n\nReflexology\n\nFor this your feet and hands are used. They say that certain points on your hands and feet relate and are linked to certain organs or other parts of your body. By massaging specific parts of the hands and feet is said to help with digestion, headaches, solar plexus which should help with anxiety and other parts such as your heart lungs, chest etc...By doing reflexology it may help with your anxiety, stress and tension throughout your body.\n\nMassage\n\nThere are different types of massage which are said to do different things to the body, some use aroma, some manipulate the muscles and joints but the aim is to make you relax which may help with the anxiety and stress of your phobia.\n\nReiki\n\nReiki can help with variety of issues, including emotional health, depression, anxiety, physical health, personal boundaries, and abundance. The practice of Reiki is based on working with, and channelling energy, or a spiritual energy. This energy can be referred to as 'chi', The intention with all these energy techniques is that if you can harmonise your energy system, you are putting your body in the best possible position to heal itself on all levels: physical, mental, emotional and spiritual. A relative of mind is qualified in reiki, the treatment involves you lying down comfortably so that you relax. She then moves her hands around the body ~(no contact is made) channelling energy to problem areas or just around the body in general. Its very relaxing and refreshing. It helps you clear your mind and helps your body to heal and feel revitalised.\n\nShiatsu\n\nThis is similar to acupuncture and reike together but there is no needles involved. The Shiatsu therapist uses his/her finger to put pressure on your energy channel. It is said to stimulate the energy channel and maybe get rid of energy blockages that are causing pain or illness.\n\nAcupuncture\n\nAgain like with reiki and Shiatsu, this works with the Chi (energy) which is said to flow around the body. Needles are used instead of the fingers and are inserted at certain points of the energy channel, which is meant to help with pain relief, anxiety and nausea.\n\nHypnotherapy\n\nThis can be a choice for the treatment of your emetophobia. It involves lying or sitting and relaxing your muscles until you are completely relaxed. Once relaxed the therapist then tells your unconscious mind of how and what changes it can make to make your life better. By using hypnotherapy they may even be able to find the cause of your fear which in theory should help you overcome this. It's hard to say whether or not hypnotherapy can cure you, but it can help you to relax and unwind and maybe even train your mind to cut off from emetophobia.\n\nConventional Therapy\n\nCognitive-Behaviour Therapy or CBT\n\nThis is usually the first choice of treatments by therapists. . It is based on the fact that your phobia creates your anxiety. Using that theory they aim to help you control your anxiety. From my experience what they did was to give you small tasks to do which you wouldn't normally do for example walk to the shops if you don't normally go o
Even if they are not related in you body (like a staff infection in the lungs maybe it is on your big toe) It is taking your body to fight the infection and is running down the rest of you.  Once you cure the original staff infection you should notice an improvement
Try to find out who made the originals.  They may still have the die that made them and can easily create new ones, or they may have some extras already in stock.
I think so, since in some videos they have brought back dead musicians to sing with present day musicians.  I've also seen commercials with people who are dead and their mouths have been computerized to say different things.
Cocaine is the most addictive (and most dangerous) drug.  It is an alkaloid found in leaves of the South American shrub Erythroxylon coca. It is a powerfully reinforcing psychostimulant. The drug induces a sense of exhilaration in the user primarily by blocking the reuptake of the neurotransmitter dopamine in the midbrain.  As a rule of thumb, it is EXTREMELY unwise to experiment with cocaine.  Scientists have found that the pleasure receptors in the brain experience ONE HUNDRED TIMES more stimulation when using cocaine than when having an orgasm!  Now that's a lot of pleasure!!!  Imagine how addicted you would be if you ever experienced anything like it!  Not to mention that it ruins your life, because nothing will ever bring you as much joy as it used to, now that you've experienced the new high.\n\nBut yeah, the answer to your question is crack cocaine.
It will be warmer due to absorption of long-wave infrared by greenhouse gases.\n\nYour question could just as easily be worded as "How does the greenhouse effect work?" To see an excellent explanation and illustrations of how greenhouse gases absorb infrared energy go to:\nhttp://hyperphysics.phy-astr.gsu.edu/hbase/hframe.html\n\nThe principle operates the same here on Earth as it does on Venus, it is just that Venus has some other effects that have exacerbated the atmospheric content of CO2, along with its much higher atmospheric pressures. Most of the Russian Venera probes to Venus lasted about an hour on the surface, at a temperature of about 850 F. and pressures equal to about 3000 ft below the sea (90 times earth's atmosphere).
Are you a gay guy posing as a girl?\nWhy else would you want to know?
According to the conservation of energy, your answer is negative. The effort that biker put in each case is consumed to resist both the friction and the work needed against gravity. On flat path, no vertical work is made so his energy (name it E) is totally consumed for resisting friction (f) against movement of him (M) and his bike (m) along the path (L):\nE=(M+m)*g*f*L\nNow suppose a terrain path (LL) which is surely longer than the straight one (L) which have a max vertical difference of H. The work he must do to move to the top is (M+m)*g*H plus the work needed against alongside friction. The energy will change back to kinetic form during descend session, and therefore cancels the initial effort put. The only work that is to be done is resisting against friction over the longer path, which is certainly more than the straight (shortest) path.
Thanks pumpkin.. How's your mom?
MILLIONS... I DO! WWW.MYSPACE.COM/STOOPID_MUNKYS
it means sex without a condom,but think first,do you want to have sex with a girl that asks you straight out,man i would be thinking about how many others out their she has done without a condom,i dont know about you but i sure wouldnt .
It only does if that's what you have it set as. You don't have to have your full name appear in the im screen.
Under the Commercial Statutes adopted by most states (UCC) every good sold by a merchant includes an implied (not written) law of merchantability (unless validly disclaimed). This means that the car you bought should be fit for its ordinary purpose (driving on a day to day basis). This is a basis for replacement of the car in and of itself. \n\nOn top of that you have an express 3 year warranty that they must honor. If the dealer cannot fix the problem after three attempts (generally) this is the reasonable amount of attempts the dealership should have to fix the car before you force the manufacturer to honor the express warranty by replacing the car. It may take a demand letter or even a lawsuit filed by an attorney before they know you mean business about enforcing the express warranty.
probably at Big5 sports or the sports chalet
Some people who exercise may compensate for the burned calories by eating more (consciously or unconsciously).  Or, they may not be burning as many calories as they think while exercising.  Keep a food diary, writing down everything you eat, even the bite of a donut you steal from your friend.  Do this for a week.  You may surprise yourself.\nIf your gym offers personal trainers, take advantage of this.  The trainer can give you pointers on what you may need to change in your routine.
You could call SBC directly to know the answer.
It does happen.\n\nBut remember that most thunderstorms come from pockets of warm air meeting pockets of cold air.  So it's probably a little harder to attain a thunderstorm when it's cold enough to snow.\n\nI'll go check my facts and edit this msg if I'm wrong.\n\n---\nEdit: Wikipedia has a whole article on this:\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thundersnow\n\nThundersnow.  I like the term.\n\nhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thunderstorm
Would you do anything for your gf that she ask of you or would you tell her to shove it. You don't have to go out in public with them on, Love works in ever strange ways for everyone and I would show her I had guts enough to put them on for the three days. ( I am sure you can think of something to stay indoors for three day fake the flu in summer.)L .O. L.
when my son was born not breathing...scariest thing ever!!!!!!!!!
LOW GRADE FEVER,  PAIN RANGING FROM DULL TO ACUTE IN THE RIGHT LOWER ABDOMEN AREA, SOME SWELLING DUE TO INFLAMMATION IN THE PAINED AREA . PERSISTANT SYMPTOMS THAT ARE INTERFERRING WITH EVERYDAY LIFE. GET CHECKED.
The crack head who walks over our cars in bare feet. In the morning we always have foot prints on our cars. Nice.
Wishful thinking.
The traditional gift for the 5th anniversary is "wood". If you are traditional then you should keep that in mind.  While it may sound boring, you will have to be creative.\n\nSince we are talking "male" gifts here then consider his hobbies and interests.  Does he love auto repair, cars, hunting, fishing, camping, sports, reading, is he a couch potato? does he love the outdoors or indoor type things?\n\nWhile you may think an oak frame with YOUR picture is a perfect gift, believe me he will not think so.  It is the equivalent of you getting a blender or toaster from him!\n\nFor traditions sake lets say.......he hunts.....a gun cabinet is nice.\nFishing........ a lure kit, to make his own lures.\nSports.....locate a signed "bat" via local papers (forget Ebay)\nCamping.....plan a camping trip  \n\nFor a non traditional gift..............try\n\nA coupon book.  One you make up yourself.  Do it on the computer.  Make coupons called "Off the Hook" .  Husbands are always looking for ways not to take the trash out, do the lawn or clean the garage or to simply lay around.\n\nYou can add sexy coupons.....one free no obligation massage.\nOne night of total ME...all about HIM, dinner, sports, sex while he watches sports.\nOne coupon "you have to do anything I ask"\n\nAnd YOU can't complain if he turns in his coupon!\n\nBe creative!  \n\nAs far as purchaseing a gift for him..........you can always do him a favor and buy him some tickets to his favorite team.  HE gets to chose his guest.\n\nThe anniversary itself is about you both.  So plan that special dinner and night on the town or private dinner at home.  The "gift" to one another should say that I know you are an individual.\n\nGood luck and Happy Anniversary
i cant wait to see the ridiculously high prices the women are going to come up with\n\nthey always over value themselves
I may be a male, but I think I can answer this....\n\nTaboos are being usurped everyday.  However, some are deeply seated in history, religion, and decorum, such as discussion of sex by women.  The catholic religion frowns heavily on pre-marital sex (you know the results of that).  Women in nearly every culture and location are still held to a certain level of expectations, and one of those expectations is they should be seen and not heard and another in a certain culture we all know, is that they should not even be seen...  A boisterous woman is often looked at as shameful and "loose".\n\nWhile this is trending in popular culture to be much less obvious, there will most likely be residual influence for at least another generation.  This country's puritanical history will always have a certain influence on popular culture, the over-all influence is being buried over the years.\n\nMany other country's have a much looser view of this type of topic (such as Germany, Greece and Brazil) they still are less accommodating on other concerns.
The way science progresses is by postulating possible options, it doesn't mean that any one of them is the answer, only that it is a possible answer. From all the possible answers peer review will pick the most likely explanation and accept it temporarily in a 'conditional' mode until it can be demonstrated that in fact this is the correct answer. Otherwise it gets thrown out. \n\nEverything is accepted as a possible answer, not as the answer.
I would applaud and take a picture with my phone camera. Then post it on the web somewhere, AHAHAHA!!
hey stfu, the guy is jewish.\nplus he's from connecticut, which, i mean, is a pretty cool state.\n..\nlmfao.\njust kidding.\nyeah he's a backstop in multiple ways.\n..\ni like how the guy above me gave a serious answer.
Nobody likes to be persecuted, do they?  Of course, Christians don't like people persecuting their religion.  That's not too hard to understand, I think.\n\nChristians believe that they are sent with a message that will save people from death, and from hell.  Many of them feel as if there isn't much time left, and that un-saved people are in serious danger.  If you thought a child were in the way of a speeding train, wouldn't you try to save it?  Maybe you would shove people out of the way to do it?  Would you really care if their feelings got hurt, as long as you could rescue the child?\n \nYes, many Christians come off as being arrogant and over-bearing, and that is sad.  Their "marching orders" (as given by their LEADER, Jesus Christ), don't include arrogance, indeed, Jesus commanded them to be humble.  Go figure.\n\nI am a Christian.  I am very sad about the state of the world I see around me.  I would like to rescue as many people as I can.  Could you tell me how to do this without being an ***hole?
The man must masurbate twice a day .He should masturbate till the impending ejaculation and just stop short of ejaculation.He should abstain from sex.After one week his phallus gets bigger,more semen gets stored in seminal vesicles,and more sperms are ready for use.
I'm not a dermatologist, but I can give you some advice b/c I have acne as well. They sell clearasil ultra at wal-mart. It is a 3 step system just like Proactive. I use both Proactive and Clearasil Ultra. They both work great. Just make sure you get the ULTRA. Also, in the pharmacy you can get this soap (facewash) called Panoxil bar. You don't need a prescription, but my dermatologist recommended it, & it indeed works great. Good luck!
After advising several of my colleagues here, We have determined the value of your card at $600USD
There is going to be a small hole near the eject button of your drive. What you will want to do is strighten out a paperclip and insert it into this hole, that will manually eject the disk.
Unless he is african american, hispanic, or native american - not too good, at least for US schools. If he is willing to go to the Caribbean or Mexico, then he will be fine. Those schools aren't too concerned about MCAT scores as long as you can afford the tuition. Be sure he applies to Ross University - probably the best of the Caribbean schools.\n\nIf he wants to stay in the US - better take the August test. I would suggest taking a Princeton Review course.
Very good question.....\n\nThe universe "mocks" itself. \n\nThe sun does act somewhat like a nucleus, the planets like electrons.....you can transfer this idea to the galaxies also. If we live in an atom.......\nI actually am quite confident that we do.\nIt's the only kind of theory that makes any sense.\n\nIt's explains the big bang theory-( an eternal atomic level matter antimatter reaction that plays it little game until a new bang start's a new universe and so on)\n\nIt also would help to understand the idea of infinite dimensions much better. ( If we live in an atom, then we are part of a system that is part of a bigger system that is part of a universe that is an atom.....etc.\n\nYou are really on to something here. \nRemember that all and I mean every truly great scientist that ever was got the "laugh". Keep thinking about it.\n\nAnd as for the physics(engineer) geeks..........with your android minds........For the 30 years you have done nothing to advance the science.......Instead of trying to build a better "bolt", try and invent something that disposes of the need of a "bolt" in the first place.....Nuff said!
Nope! I'm watching videos (well really listening to them) right now! Just go through some of the artists in the lists and rate some music. Then when you click to watch one music video, it will play something else that you rated as 'I love it' or 'I like it'. or it will play something in the same genre, or popular music! i listen and watch music and videos on yahoo all the time! have a nice day! :)
997 is correct.  Start at 999 and go backwards.  \n999 is divisible by 3\n998 is divisible by 2\n997 is prime, because it's not divisible by 2,3,5,7,11,13,17,19,23,29,31, or 37.  We only have to check up to 37 because 37 * 37 = 1369, which is bigger than a 3 digit number.  If a prime number bigger than 37 would divide into 997, then the quotient would be less than 37, and that quotient would divide 997, but we checked and no numbers less than 37 divide 997, do 997 is prime.\n\nThat is known as the "sieve of eratosthenes".
I take care of sick old people 11-7 every night. I take care of and love my husband and cat and sick elderly dog.  I help with my autistic grandson.  In doing for others, I do for myself.  Is that enought?
Ego. That's all.\n\nThough you suppoedly get some swanky stuff the higher your levels are. And they let you participate more the higher you are.
I know they found only one passport at the WTC.About the rest of the passports I have no idea ...
Well, if you hit a home run, it depends on how many people are already on base.  The highest you can get is a grand slam, which is four runs.  That's because there's a person on first, second, and third, and then there's the batter, which makes the fourth.  You can score by being batted in.  If there's a player on third and a batter hits a single, making it to first base, then most likely the runner on third will make it home to score one.\n\n\n~~~Edit~~~\nSo it doesn't necessarily have to be a home run.  It can be a single, double, triple (how many bases the batter can run without getting out) or even a sacfly (which is a sacrifice fly out-ball goes in air and is caught by a fielder, but still scores someone).  Runners can run even if the ball is out if there is one or less outs...2 outs means that the batter can be third out and end the inning, so nobody can run.\n\nHope this helps!
yeah but unless all them steroids they take have made them grow a penis i doubt they would be interested
This is a question that will come up more and more often when the new generation of younguns come of age.  I have a grandaughter with 2 middle names and a nephew with 3 middle names.  I could get on a soap box about the indicisive nature of young people these days, but I will hold my tongue.  \n\nI think the traditional monogram is here to stay for now, and it only allows for 3 letters.  Some folks will say choose the "first" middle name, but it is my opinion that the person should be  able to choose his/her on monogram.  First name, last name, middle name of choice.  \n\nOf course, there are a number of people who do not go by their first name at all.  That opens up a whole nuther can of worms!  \n\nIt is just a monogram.  Do what makes you happy.  No worries!
millions of years maybe
John Barrymore\nBasil Rathbone\nMichael Caine\nPeter Cushing\nChristopher Lee\nRoger Moore\nPeter O'Toole\nChristopher Plummer
i think president bush's administration  is under pressure of israel zionists.\nhamas is making decision on its own and it has won the heart of the people of the region.
First, pay off all short term debt. If you have a credit card interest rate of say, 21%, that's an instant tax-free return of 21% per year on your money.\n\nNext, if your company has a 401(k) with matching funds, fund your 401(k) to the maximum match amount. Free money is good.\n\nIf your company doesn't have matching funds, then fund your Roth IRA to its maximum ($4,000). Tax-free growth is good. I'd go with a no-load, low cost mutual fund company, like Fidelity, Vanguard, or T Rowe Price. If you have money left over after you've funded the 401(k) to the maximum match, do this step with the extra money.\n\nIf you *still* have more money for long-term investing, go back to the 401(k) and invest in that up to what you can afford.\n\nAnd get yourself an elementary education in personal finance. You're going to get a lot advice here, and you won't know who to believe. Well you can believe this: no one is going to care as much about your money as you are. No one is going to watch it as closely as you are, especially someone who's got multiple accounts to look after. So get yourself a foundation, so you'll know if someone is actually giving you good advice or not. Personally, I recommend "The Only Investment Guide You'll Ever Need" by Andrew Tobias. It'll give you an overview of everything you need to know (stocks, bonds, real estate, insurance, etc.). Then you can decide if you need a deeper education in anything. Good luck!
GO to your gynocologist and first get yourself tested. Also discuss what your are experiencing it might be the condom that you are using i hope. See what she recommends. LAdies when you go to bed with someone remember"Lights on and eyes open". Good Luck!!
I guess it could be possible that sex could increase your glucose.... especially after ejaculation.  When you ejaculate there is a rush of epinephrine and norepinephrine (adrenaline).  This causes your heart to race, blood pressure to increase and also your liver to release glucose from glycogen.  I am assuming that you are a diabetic... for most people, sex does not alter blood sugar at all (because the body is very good at keeping blood sugar constant... that is, unless you are a diabetic).
I doubt that, there's people out there right now building the thing and they're doing it with their own sweat, own money(because Bush, 'the guy that can't say 'no', won't say 'no mas' to Mexico), but in fairness the southern states are taking matters into their own hands and getting with the program, too. The sooner people quit bitching and start pitching in to actually solve the problems we're currently having with Mexico, the sooner we can go back to having an open border, but not before. ...
Well I don't understand Japanese but I think this Microsoft Website has training for office. http://office.microsoft.com/ja-jp/training/default.aspx
You have to complete a nursing program in order to be a nurse.  Your choice would be to be a registered nurse vs. a practical nurse.  The difference is that registered nurses are higher up on the food chain so to speak.  They are allowed to do more than LPNs and are actually the immediate supervisors of LPNs.  For either career choice you have to complete a program of study.  For me, I opted to get a Bachelor's Degree in Nursing which is a 4 year college degree.  This is one pathway to become and RN.  You could also go through an associate degree course which is 2 years.  There are still some diploma nursing programs around which usually run through hospitals and are anywhere from 18 to 24 months in length.  For all 3 tracks, you can take the boards to become a registered nurse.  \n\nLPNs usually go to school for less time, however they also must complete a national board licensure before they can actually be a nurse.  Most of the programs where I live are around 12 to 18 months to become an LPN.\n\nThe best program depends on what you want to do.  The hisgest entry level nurse is the Bachelor's prepared nurse.  This option gives you the biggest knowledge base and your opportunities to advance typically are easier.  There are many diploma or associate degree RNs who progress very nicely though.  A big advantage of a Bachelor's degree is that you can go on to graduate school to become a nurse practitioner or nurse anesthetist without having to go through the undergraduate classes.  If you aren't interested in furthering your career, then either of the other options are good.  \n\nSend me a private message if you have any other questioins.  I just went through all of this!!!
Mixing of the faiths? Fire and brimstone! *rolls eyes*\n\nOf course she should be allowed to date the non-Christian boy. Love transcends doctrine, and it does not come in limited supply: one's love for God should not prevent one from loving another human being.\n\nThe boy sounds like he is of good virtue anyway ("Christian" virtue, if you prefer), even if he is not of Christian faith, so I personally do not see any reason to forbid the two from dating each other.
=(AVERAGE(numerical grade))*percent of total grade\n=(AVERAGE(numerical grade))*percent of total grade\n=(AVERAGE(numerical grade))*percent of total grade\n=(AVERAGE(numerical grade))*percent of total grade\n=SUM(of all the above)\n\nExample: \nExams 50% (84,51)......33.75\nLabs 4%	(10,10,10,10,10,10,10)....4.00\nLab Exam 6% (82)....4.92\nFinal 40% (76)...30.40\n Grade 73.07
That sucks! But no one can really answer your question, except maybe your parents, or grand parents had the same thing, genetics-yeah it can suck big time.
If you have a small compus, as used by the early age sailors, you will see the north is indicated at northen pole, even if you make it rorate, it will come back to its position again and show the north direction. Once you reach the exact north pole, then the compus will not work, it will keep rotating as the magnetic lines will pass through and thus you will know that you are at exact north pole.... and same is true for south pole as well ... hope I have answered your question... :)
I didn't really have a problem with him until he started mouthing off about Brooke Shields and her postpartum depression, telling her it wasn't real. I'm not a Brooke Shields fan, but has Tom Cruise ever given birth?
One of the first signs of a mental breakdown is the inability to make decisions ...Like deciding what is the difference between common sense and logical thinking.
There is no such thing as an "undocumented" permanent legal resident.  All permanent legal residents are documented.
DZ NUTZ FANTASY THEATER FEATURING THE MECHANICAL BULL JACK GOT OFF :P
Do not run out and buy McAfee yet.\n\nGo to this windows site and follow the procedure using the programs the list. This is your best bet for removing this. This same procedure can be used with any Anti-Virus or Anti-spy program. Be sure to use the registry repair programs she lists after the removal.\n\nhttp://www.microsoft.com/windows/IE/community/columns/bugbusting.mspx\n\nHere is a package that protects me and my neighbor. I haven't been infected in 5 months, and since I put it on his computer, he hasn't been infected in 3 months. He likes to download porn and it still protects him. Best of all everything is Free and work as good and better than pay packages.\n\nDownload the latest Java Update 7. Then remove any older versions from your computer.\n\nhttp://www.java.com/en/download/windows_...\n\nGo here and download the following programs: All will be in the first 3 red boxes.\n\nhttp://www.filehippo.com/\n\nFirewall. - If you have XP with SP2 then use the existing Windows firewall. It is excellent. If not then download Zone Alarm free version.\n\nAnti-Virus program - If you have one then use it or replace it with one of these: AVG 7.1 or AVAST\n\nAnti-Spy programs: Use more than one. None can catch all the garbage out there: Windows Defender Beta 2, Spybot Search and Destroy, AdAware SE Personal.\n\nThis program will work with the AV and AS programs and add an additional layer of protection and it really works great. \n\nhttp://www.novatix.com/home.aspx...\n\nThis program will alert you to bad sites:\n\nhttp://www.siteadvisor.com/\n\nThese are my recommendation based on what protects me and my neighbor
No EDGE SCREW HIM
I saw someone answer with a bunch of websites. Some websites are good mind you. But since you are dealing with the Internet you are going to get some serious information overload.\n\n"Some offer more stock than others."\nAre you sure you know what you are doing? A stock is a stock and it only goes for one price. No one can give discounts.\n\nI say who cares about the cheap entrance fee. I see someone above referred to some cheap stuff, go with that - but cheap entry fees to buy stocks should be the least of your worries. \n\n'I would love to find a site that trades high performance stocks but ALSO trades penny stocks. "\n\nIf you are looking for a guru or a hot tip. Forget it. If things like that work, those people won't be giving away their knowledge freely. And if it were that easy we would all be doing it. \n\nKeep reading and educating yourself and good luck!
If you already have WinAmp or MusicMatch Jukebox, these both have built-in conversion functionality.\n\nIf not, I'd use Goldwave.  It is shareware, but if you are only doing this for a couple days you should be fine.  It also has a batch mode if you are doing more than one file at a time.
You'll be okay just switching class.  Have shorter amount of time to get to class.\n\n\nLC
There are tons of scholarships that go unclaimed each year. Many $400, $500 or $1000 scholarships never even get applied for because people think it's chump change and not worth applying for. Well, get a few of those $500 scholarships and it'll really make a dent in your tuition bill.\n\nDo a search on scholarships, search your major, your ethnic heritage, your town, your parents employers, your employer, hobbies, high school, local chamber of commerce/rotary/ lion's club etc. Left-handed? There is a scholarship out there for you! Older woman returning to school? There are scholarships out there for you. Do combined searches on more than one criteria "hispanic women aviation scholarships" etc.\n\nGo to the library and ask the reference librarian for a reference book on scholarships. They usually have more than one. There are all kinds of scholarships out there, you just have to start applying yourself and make it your summer career to send out letters everyday for scholarships. Good luck!
If he says that you aren't goin to lose him then listen to that!!! Love is alot stronger than anything else in the world!! I kno wat u mean when people out there cause things to happen!!! All I can say is listen to your heart bcuz in the end it's alwayz right!! If you love your man then don't let anything get in your way!!! Ignore those feelings bcuz that what they are!!! Don't let them get in the way of your guys' happiness!!!
Transition metals have high melting points because they are metals! All metals have high melting points! But some transition metals have exceptionally high melting points like Vanadium and Nickiel because they form a partially half filled 3-d subshell (for Vanadium) and a fully filled 3-d orbital (for Nickiel), which adds to an extra stability to the element. Hence, it is more difficult to remove the electron and thus result in the high melting point. \n\n\nSince transition metals are all in the 4th period, its Ar would be large too. Since Ar is large, naturally density would be high. \n\nBecause mass=no. of molecules x Ar \n\nAnd density is defined as mass / volume. \n\n\nThe specialty of transition mentals is that the energy levels of the orbitals are close enough to overlap each other. When electrons of a transition metal gains energy and is excited, it is promoted to the 4s orbital. \n\n\nHowever, it is unstable at that level and soon drops back to the 3d-orbital. In order to return to the 3d-orbital, it must remove some of its energy, and the energy is light. That is why there are different colours in transition metals. Because it only releases a specific amount of energy, which relects different colours of light. This process is also known as d-d transition.
yeah man, he comments on Eurovision every year and I think he does some programmes for the BBC.\nPoints of View comes to mind...
I'd like to think not, but I don't trust anything they do or say anymore.  I held off on believing it was actually Zarqawi until there was a ton of evidence.   \n\nIt's sad, but they've lied so many times that they're going to have to have a TON of evidence before I believe it was an honest threat.\n\nLet's face facts, Karl Rove is back, and suddenly, we're going to be attacked.  While he was in hiding over his treasonous acts, you'll note that nothing like this EVER came out.  He comes back, and here we go again!
